ter ago 13 10:10:36 -03 2019
Lorhan Sohaky

1)Exiba uma lista de todas as páginas de manual que tratam de passwd (man -k).
gpasswd (1)          - administra o arquivo /etc/group
passwd (5)           - arquivo de senhas
chgpasswd (8)        - update group passwords in batch mode
chpasswd (8)         - update passwords in batch mode
fgetpwent_r (3)      - get passwd file entry reentrantly
getpwent_r (3)       - get passwd file entry reentrantly
grub-mkpasswd-pbkdf2 (1) - generate hashed password for GRUB
ldappasswd (1)       - change the password of an LDAP entry
openssl-passwd (1ssl) - compute password hashes
pam_localuser (8)    - require users to be listed in /etc/passwd
passwd (1)           - change user password
passwd (1ssl)        - compute password hashes
passwd2des (3)       - RFS password encryption
update-passwd (8)    - safely update /etc/passwd, /etc/shadow and /etc/group

2) Qual é o diretório corrente? (man pwd)
/home/bcc/740951/git/UFSCar/2019/SO2

3) O que faz o comando cd?
O comando cd muda de diretório corrente

4) O que faz o comando cd ~fulano?
Vai para a pasta /home/fulano

5) Pesquise quais são os comandos internos tratados pelo shell bash. (man bash /SHELL BUILTIN COMMANDS).
SHELL BUILTIN COMMANDS
       Unless otherwise noted, each builtin command documented in this section
       as accepting options preceded by - accepts -- to signify the end of the
       options.  The :, true, false, and test builtins do not  accept  options
       and  do  not treat -- specially.  The exit, logout, return, break, con‐
       tinue, let, and shift builtins accept and process  arguments  beginning
       with  - without requiring --.  Other builtins that accept arguments but
       are not specified as accepting options  interpret  arguments  beginning
       with  -  as  invalid options and require -- to prevent this interpreta‐
       tion.
       : [arguments]
              No effect; the command does nothing beyond  expanding  arguments
              and performing any specified redirections.  The return status is
              zero.

        .  filename [arguments]
       source filename [arguments]
              Read and execute commands from filename  in  the  current  shell
              environment  and return the exit status of the last command exe‐
              cuted from filename.  If filename  does  not  contain  a  slash,
              filenames  in  PATH  are  used  to find the directory containing
              filename.  The file searched for in PATH need not be executable.
              When  bash  is  not  in  posix  mode,  the  current directory is
              searched if no file is found in PATH.  If the sourcepath  option
              to  the  shopt  builtin  command  is turned off, the PATH is not
              searched.  If any arguments are supplied, they become the  posi‐
              tional  parameters  when  filename  is  executed.  Otherwise the
              positional parameters  are  unchanged.   If  the  -T  option  is
              enabled,  source  inherits  any trap on DEBUG; if it is not, any
              DEBUG trap string is saved  and  restored  around  the  call  to
              source,  and source unsets the DEBUG trap while it executes.  If
              -T is not set, and the sourced file changes the DEBUG trap,  the
              new  value is retained when source completes.  The return status
              is the status of the last command exited within the script (0 if
              no commands are executed), and false if filename is not found or
              cannot be read.

       alias [-p] [name[=value] ...]
              Alias with no arguments or with the -p option prints the list of
              aliases  in  the form alias name=value on standard output.  When
              arguments are supplied, an alias is defined for each name  whose
              value  is given.  A trailing space in value causes the next word
              to be checked for alias substitution when the alias is expanded.
              For  each  name  in the argument list for which no value is sup‐
              plied, the name and  value  of  the  alias  is  printed.   Alias
              returns  true unless a name is given for which no alias has been
              defined.

       bg [jobspec ...]
              Resume each suspended job jobspec in the background,  as  if  it
              had been started with &.  If jobspec is not present, the shell's
              notion of the current job is used.  bg jobspec returns 0  unless
              run  when  job control is disabled or, when run with job control
              enabled, any specified jobspec was  not  found  or  was  started
              without job control.

       bind [-m keymap] [-lpsvPSVX]
       bind [-m keymap] [-q function] [-u function] [-r keyseq]
       bind [-m keymap] -f filename
       bind [-m keymap] -x keyseq:shell-command
       bind [-m keymap] keyseq:function-name
       bind [-m keymap] keyseq:readline-command
              Display  current  readline key and function bindings, bind a key
              sequence to a readline function or  macro,  or  set  a  readline
              variable.   Each  non-option  argument  is a command as it would
              appear in .inputrc, but each binding or command must  be  passed
              as  a  separate argument; e.g., '"\C-x\C-r": re-read-init-file'.
              Options, if supplied, have the following meanings:
              -m keymap
                     Use keymap as the keymap to be affected by the subsequent
                     bindings.  Acceptable keymap names are emacs, emacs-stan‐
                     dard, emacs-meta, emacs-ctlx,  vi,  vi-move,  vi-command,
                     and  vi-insert.   vi is equivalent to vi-command (vi-move
                     is also a synonym); emacs is  equivalent  to  emacs-stan‐
                     dard.
              -l     List the names of all readline functions.
              -p     Display  readline  function  names and bindings in such a
                     way that they can be re-read.
              -P     List current readline function names and bindings.
              -s     Display readline key sequences bound to  macros  and  the
                     strings  they  output  in such a way that they can be re-
                     read.
              -S     Display readline key sequences bound to  macros  and  the
                     strings they output.
              -v     Display  readline variable names and values in such a way
                     that they can be re-read.
              -V     List current readline variable names and values.
              -f filename
                     Read key bindings from filename.
              -q function
                     Query about which keys invoke the named function.
              -u function
                     Unbind all keys bound to the named function.
              -r keyseq
                     Remove any current binding for keyseq.
              -x keyseq:shell-command
                     Cause shell-command to be  executed  whenever  keyseq  is
                     entered.   When shell-command is executed, the shell sets
                     the READLINE_LINE variable to the contents of  the  read‐
                     line  line  buffer and the READLINE_POINT variable to the
                     current location of the insertion point.  If the executed
                     command  changes  the  value  of  READLINE_LINE  or READ‐
                     LINE_POINT, those new values will  be  reflected  in  the
                     editing state.
              -X     List  all  key  sequences bound to shell commands and the
                     associated commands in a format that  can  be  reused  as
                     input.

              The  return value is 0 unless an unrecognized option is given or
              an error occurred.

       break [n]
              Exit from within a for, while, until, or select loop.  If  n  is
              specified, break n levels.  n must be ≥ 1.  If n is greater than
              the number of enclosing loops, all enclosing loops  are  exited.
              The  return  value is 0 unless n is not greater than or equal to
              1.

       builtin shell-builtin [arguments]
              Execute the specified shell builtin, passing it  arguments,  and
              return its exit status.  This is useful when defining a function
              whose name is the same as a shell builtin, retaining  the  func‐
              tionality of the builtin within the function.  The cd builtin is
              commonly redefined this way.  The  return  status  is  false  if
              shell-builtin is not a shell builtin command.

       caller [expr]
              Returns the context of any active subroutine call (a shell func‐
              tion or a script executed with the . or source builtins).  With‐
              out expr, caller displays the line number and source filename of
              the current subroutine call.  If a non-negative integer is  sup‐
              plied as expr, caller displays the line number, subroutine name,
              and source file corresponding to that position  in  the  current
              execution  call  stack.  This extra information may be used, for
              example, to print a stack trace.  The current frame is frame  0.
              The  return  value is 0 unless the shell is not executing a sub‐
              routine call or expr does not correspond to a valid position  in
              the call stack.

       cd [-L|[-P [-e]] [-@]] [dir]
              Change  the  current  directory to dir.  if dir is not supplied,
              the value of the HOME shell variable is the default.  Any  addi‐
              tional arguments following dir are ignored.  The variable CDPATH
              defines the search path for the directory containing  dir:  each
              directory  name  in  CDPATH  is  searched  for dir.  Alternative
              directory names in CDPATH are separated by a colon (:).  A  null
              directory  name  in CDPATH is the same as the current directory,
              i.e., ``.''.  If dir begins with a slash (/), then CDPATH is not
              used.   The  -P  option  causes cd to use the physical directory
              structure by resolving symbolic links while traversing  dir  and
              before processing instances of .. in dir (see also the -P option
              to the set builtin command); the -L option forces symbolic links
              to  be followed by resolving the link after processing instances
              of .. in dir.  If .. appears in dir, it is processed by removing
              the  immediately previous pathname component from dir, back to a
              slash or the beginning of dir.  If the  -e  option  is  supplied
              with  -P,  and  the current working directory cannot be success‐
              fully determined after a successful directory  change,  cd  will
              return  an unsuccessful status.  On systems that support it, the
              -@ option presents the extended  attributes  associated  with  a
              file  as  a directory.  An argument of - is converted to $OLDPWD
              before the directory change is attempted.  If a non-empty direc‐
              tory  name  from  CDPATH is used, or if - is the first argument,
              and the directory change is successful, the absolute pathname of
              the  new  working  directory  is written to the standard output.
              The return value is  true  if  the  directory  was  successfully
              changed; false otherwise.

       command [-pVv] command [arg ...]
              Run  command  with  args  suppressing  the normal shell function
              lookup.  Only builtin commands or commands found in the PATH are
              executed.   If the -p option is given, the search for command is
              performed using a default value for PATH that is  guaranteed  to
              find  all  of  the  standard  utilities.  If either the -V or -v
              option is supplied, a description of command is printed.  The -v
              option  causes  a single word indicating the command or filename
              used to invoke command to be displayed; the -V option produces a
              more  verbose  description.  If the -V or -v option is supplied,
              the exit status is 0 if command was found, and  1  if  not.   If
              neither option is supplied and an error occurred or command can‐
              not be found, the exit status is 127.  Otherwise, the exit  sta‐
              tus of the command builtin is the exit status of command.

       compgen [option] [word]
              Generate  possible  completion matches for word according to the
              options, which may  be  any  option  accepted  by  the  complete
              builtin  with  the exception of -p and -r, and write the matches
              to the standard output.  When using the -F or  -C  options,  the
              various  shell  variables  set  by  the  programmable completion
              facilities, while available, will not have useful values.

              The matches will be generated in the same way as if the program‐
              mable completion code had generated them directly from a comple‐
              tion specification with the same flags.  If word  is  specified,
              only those completions matching word will be displayed.

              The  return  value is true unless an invalid option is supplied,
              or no matches were generated.

       complete [-abcdefgjksuv] [-o comp-option] [-DE] [-A action]  [-G  glob‐
       pat] [-W wordlist] [-F function] [-C command]
              [-X filterpat] [-P prefix] [-S suffix] name [name ...]
       complete -pr [-DE] [name ...]
              Specify  how arguments to each name should be completed.  If the
              -p option is supplied, or if no options are  supplied,  existing
              completion  specifications are printed in a way that allows them
              to be reused as input.  The -r option removes a completion spec‐
              ification  for each name, or, if no names are supplied, all com‐
              pletion  specifications.   The  -D  option  indicates  that  the
              remaining  options  and  actions should apply to the ``default''
              command completion; that is, completion attempted on  a  command
              for  which  no  completion  has previously been defined.  The -E
              option indicates that the remaining options and  actions  should
              apply  to  ``empty''  command  completion;  that  is, completion
              attempted on a blank line.

              The process of applying  these  completion  specifications  when
              word  completion  is attempted is described above under Program‐
              mable Completion.

              Other options, if specified, have the following  meanings.   The
              arguments  to the -G, -W, and -X options (and, if necessary, the
              -P and -S options) should be quoted to protect them from  expan‐
              sion before the complete builtin is invoked.
              -o comp-option
                      The  comp-option  controls  several aspects of the comp‐
                      spec's behavior beyond the simple generation of  comple‐
                      tions.  comp-option may be one of:
                      bashdefault
                              Perform the rest of the default bash completions
                              if the compspec generates no matches.
                      default Use readline's default  filename  completion  if
                              the compspec generates no matches.
                      dirnames
                              Perform  directory  name completion if the comp‐
                              spec generates no matches.
                      filenames
                              Tell readline that the compspec generates  file‐
                              names,  so  it can perform any filename-specific
                              processing (like adding  a  slash  to  directory
                              names,  quoting special characters, or suppress‐
                              ing trailing spaces).  Intended to be used  with
                              shell functions.
                      noquote Tell  readline  not to quote the completed words
                              if they are filenames (quoting filenames is  the
                              default).
                      nosort  Tell  readline  not to sort the list of possible
                              completions alphabetically.
                      nospace Tell  readline  not  to  append  a  space   (the
                              default)  to  words  completed at the end of the
                              line.
                      plusdirs
                              After any matches defined by  the  compspec  are
                              generated,    directory   name   completion   is
                              attempted and  any  matches  are  added  to  the
                              results of the other actions.
              -A action
                      The  action  may  be  one of the following to generate a
                      list of possible completions:
                      alias   Alias names.  May also be specified as -a.
                      arrayvar
                              Array variable names.
                      binding Readline key binding names.
                      builtin Names of shell builtin commands.   May  also  be
                              specified as -b.
                      command Command names.  May also be specified as -c.
                      directory
                              Directory names.  May also be specified as -d.
                      disabled
                              Names of disabled shell builtins.
                      enabled Names of enabled shell builtins.
                      export  Names  of exported shell variables.  May also be
                              specified as -e.
                      file    File names.  May also be specified as -f.
                      function
                              Names of shell functions.
                      group   Group names.  May also be specified as -g.
                      helptopic
                              Help topics as accepted by the help builtin.
                      hostname
                              Hostnames, as taken from the file  specified  by
                              the HOSTFILE shell variable.
                      job     Job  names,  if job control is active.  May also
                              be specified as -j.
                      keyword Shell reserved words.  May also be specified  as
                              -k.
                      running Names of running jobs, if job control is active.
                      service Service names.  May also be specified as -s.
                      setopt  Valid  arguments  for  the  -o option to the set
                              builtin.
                      shopt   Shell option names  as  accepted  by  the  shopt
                              builtin.
                      signal  Signal names.
                      stopped Names of stopped jobs, if job control is active.
                      user    User names.  May also be specified as -u.
                      variable
                              Names of all shell variables.  May also be spec‐
                              ified as -v.
              -C command
                      command is executed in a subshell environment,  and  its
                      output is used as the possible completions.
              -F function
                      The  shell  function function is executed in the current
                      shell environment.  When the function is  executed,  the
                      first  argument  ($1)  is  the name of the command whose
                      arguments are being completed, the second argument  ($2)
                      is the word being completed, and the third argument ($3)
                      is the word preceding the word being  completed  on  the
                      current  command  line.   When it finishes, the possible
                      completions are retrieved from the value of the  COMPRE‐
                      PLY array variable.
              -G globpat
                      The  pathname  expansion  pattern globpat is expanded to
                      generate the possible completions.
              -P prefix
                      prefix is added at the beginning of each  possible  com‐
                      pletion after all other options have been applied.
              -S suffix
                      suffix is appended to each possible completion after all
                      other options have been applied.
              -W wordlist
                      The wordlist is split using the characters  in  the  IFS
                      special  variable as delimiters, and each resultant word
                      is expanded.  The possible completions are  the  members
                      of  the  resultant  list which match the word being com‐
                      pleted.
              -X filterpat
                      filterpat is a pattern as used for  pathname  expansion.
                      It is applied to the list of possible completions gener‐
                      ated by the preceding options and  arguments,  and  each
                      completion  matching filterpat is removed from the list.
                      A leading ! in filterpat negates the  pattern;  in  this
                      case, any completion not matching filterpat is removed.

              The  return  value is true unless an invalid option is supplied,
              an option other than -p or -r is supplied without a  name  argu‐
              ment,  an  attempt  is made to remove a completion specification
              for a name for which no specification exists, or an error occurs
              adding a completion specification.

       compopt [-o option] [-DE] [+o option] [name]
              Modify  completion  options  for  each  name  according  to  the
              options, or for the currently-executing completion if  no  names
              are  supplied.   If no options are given, display the completion
              options for each name or the current completion.   The  possible
              values  of  option  are  those  valid  for  the complete builtin
              described above.  The -D option  indicates  that  the  remaining
              options should apply to the ``default'' command completion; that
              is, completion attempted on a command for  which  no  completion
              has  previously  been defined.  The -E option indicates that the
              remaining options should apply to ``empty'' command  completion;
              that is, completion attempted on a blank line.

              The  return  value is true unless an invalid option is supplied,
              an attempt is made to modify the options for a name for which no
              completion specification exists, or an output error occurs.

       continue [n]
              Resume the next iteration of the enclosing for, while, until, or
              select loop.  If n is specified, resume  at  the  nth  enclosing
              loop.   n  must  be  ≥  1.   If  n is greater than the number of
              enclosing loops, the  last  enclosing  loop  (the  ``top-level''
              loop) is resumed.  The return value is 0 unless n is not greater
              than or equal to 1.

       declare [-aAfFgilnrtux] [-p] [name[=value] ...]
       typeset [-aAfFgilnrtux] [-p] [name[=value] ...]
              Declare variables and/or give them attributes.  If no names  are
              given  then display the values of variables.  The -p option will
              display the attributes and values of each name.  When -p is used
              with  name  arguments, additional options, other than -f and -F,
              are ignored.  When -p is supplied  without  name  arguments,  it
              will  display  the attributes and values of all variables having
              the attributes specified by the additional options.  If no other
              options   are   supplied  with  -p,  declare  will  display  the
              attributes and values of all shell  variables.   The  -f  option
              will  restrict  the  display  to shell functions.  The -F option
              inhibits the display of function definitions; only the  function
              name  and  attributes are printed.  If the extdebug shell option
              is enabled using shopt, the source file  name  and  line  number
              where each name is defined are displayed as well.  The -F option
              implies -f.  The -g option forces variables  to  be  created  or
              modified at the global scope, even when declare is executed in a
              shell function.  It is ignored in all other cases.  The  follow‐
              ing options can be used to restrict output to variables with the
              specified attribute or to give variables attributes:
              -a     Each name  is  an  indexed  array  variable  (see  Arrays
                     above).
              -A     Each  name  is  an associative array variable (see Arrays
                     above).
              -f     Use function names only.
              -i     The variable is treated as an integer; arithmetic evalua‐
                     tion  (see ARITHMETIC EVALUATION above) is performed when
                     the variable is assigned a value.
              -l     When the variable is assigned  a  value,  all  upper-case
                     characters  are  converted to lower-case.  The upper-case
                     attribute is disabled.
              -n     Give each name the nameref attribute, making  it  a  name
                     reference  to  another  variable.  That other variable is
                     defined by the value of name.   All  references,  assign‐
                     ments,  and attribute modifications to name, except those
                     using or changing the -n attribute itself, are  performed
                     on  the variable referenced by name's value.  The nameref
                     attribute cannot be applied to array variables.
              -r     Make names readonly.  These names cannot then be assigned
                     values by subsequent assignment statements or unset.
              -t     Give  each  name  the  trace attribute.  Traced functions
                     inherit the DEBUG  and  RETURN  traps  from  the  calling
                     shell.   The  trace  attribute has no special meaning for
                     variables.
              -u     When the variable is assigned  a  value,  all  lower-case
                     characters  are  converted to upper-case.  The lower-case
                     attribute is disabled.
              -x     Mark names for export  to  subsequent  commands  via  the
                     environment.

              Using  `+'  instead of `-' turns off the attribute instead, with
              the exceptions that +a may not be used to destroy an array vari‐
              able  and  +r will not remove the readonly attribute.  When used
              in a function, declare and typeset make each name local, as with
              the local command, unless the -g option is supplied.  If a vari‐
              able name is followed by =value, the value of  the  variable  is
              set  to  value.  When using -a or -A and the compound assignment
              syntax to create array variables, additional attributes  do  not
              take effect until subsequent assignments.  The return value is 0
              unless an invalid option is encountered, an attempt is  made  to
              define  a  function  using ``-f foo=bar'', an attempt is made to
              assign a value to a readonly variable, an  attempt  is  made  to
              assign  a  value to an array variable without using the compound
              assignment syntax (see Arrays above), one of the names is not  a
              valid  shell variable name, an attempt is made to turn off read‐
              only status for a readonly variable, an attempt is made to  turn
              off array status for an array variable, or an attempt is made to
              display a non-existent function with -f.

       dirs [-clpv] [+n] [-n]
              Without options,  displays  the  list  of  currently  remembered
              directories.   The  default  display  is  on  a single line with
              directory names separated by spaces.  Directories are  added  to
              the  list  with  the  pushd  command;  the  popd command removes
              entries from the list.  The  current  directory  is  always  the
              first directory in the stack.
              -c     Clears  the  directory  stack  by  deleting  all  of  the
                     entries.
              -l     Produces a listing  using  full  pathnames;  the  default
                     listing format uses a tilde to denote the home directory.
              -p     Print the directory stack with one entry per line.
              -v     Print  the  directory stack with one entry per line, pre‐
                     fixing each entry with its index in the stack.
              +n     Displays the nth entry counting from the left of the list
                     shown by dirs when invoked without options, starting with
                     zero.
              -n     Displays the nth entry counting from  the  right  of  the
                     list shown by dirs when invoked without options, starting
                     with zero.

              The return value is 0 unless an invalid option is supplied or  n
              indexes beyond the end of the directory stack.

       disown [-ar] [-h] [jobspec ... | pid ... ]
              Without  options,  remove  each jobspec from the table of active
              jobs.  If jobspec is not present, and neither the -a nor the  -r
              option  is  supplied, the current job is used.  If the -h option
              is given, each jobspec is not removed from  the  table,  but  is
              marked  so  that  SIGHUP  is  not  sent  to the job if the shell
              receives a SIGHUP.  If no jobspec is  supplied,  the  -a  option
              means  to  remove or mark all jobs; the -r option without a job‐
              spec argument restricts operation to running jobs.   The  return
              value is 0 unless a jobspec does not specify a valid job.

       echo [-neE] [arg ...]
              Output  the  args,  separated  by spaces, followed by a newline.
              The return status is 0 unless a write error occurs.   If  -n  is
              specified, the trailing newline is suppressed.  If the -e option
              is given,  interpretation  of  the  following  backslash-escaped
              characters  is  enabled.  The -E option disables the interpreta‐
              tion of these escape characters, even on systems where they  are
              interpreted  by  default.  The xpg_echo shell option may be used
              to dynamically determine  whether  or  not  echo  expands  these
              escape  characters  by  default.   echo does not interpret -- to
              mean the end of options.  echo interprets the  following  escape
              sequences:
              \a     alert (bell)
              \b     backspace
              \c     suppress further output
              \e
              \E     an escape character
              \f     form feed
              \n     new line
              \r     carriage return
              \t     horizontal tab
              \v     vertical tab
              \\     backslash
              \0nnn  the  eight-bit  character  whose value is the octal value
                     nnn (zero to three octal digits)
              \xHH   the eight-bit character whose value  is  the  hexadecimal
                     value HH (one or two hex digits)
              \uHHHH the  Unicode (ISO/IEC 10646) character whose value is the
                     hexadecimal value HHHH (one to four hex digits)
              \UHHHHHHHH
                     the Unicode (ISO/IEC 10646) character whose value is  the
                     hexadecimal value HHHHHHHH (one to eight hex digits)

       enable [-a] [-dnps] [-f filename] [name ...]
              Enable  and disable builtin shell commands.  Disabling a builtin
              allows a disk command which has the same name as a shell builtin
              to  be  executed without specifying a full pathname, even though
              the shell normally searches for builtins before  disk  commands.
              If  -n  is  used,  each  name  is disabled; otherwise, names are
              enabled.  For example, to use the test binary found via the PATH
              instead  of  the  shell builtin version, run ``enable -n test''.
              The -f option means to load the new builtin  command  name  from
              shared object filename, on systems that support dynamic loading.
              The -d option will delete a builtin previously loaded  with  -f.
              If no name arguments are given, or if the -p option is supplied,
              a list of shell builtins is printed.  With no other option argu‐
              ments,  the  list consists of all enabled shell builtins.  If -n
              is supplied, only disabled builtins are printed.  If -a is  sup‐
              plied,  the  list printed includes all builtins, with an indica‐
              tion of whether or not each is enabled.  If -s is supplied,  the
              output  is restricted to the POSIX special builtins.  The return
              value is 0 unless a name is not a shell builtin or there  is  an
              error loading a new builtin from a shared object.

       eval [arg ...]
              The  args  are read and concatenated together into a single com‐
              mand.  This command is then read and executed by the shell,  and
              its  exit status is returned as the value of eval.  If there are
              no args, or only null arguments, eval returns 0.

       exec [-cl] [-a name] [command [arguments]]
              If command is specified, it replaces the shell.  No new  process
              is  created.  The arguments become the arguments to command.  If
              the -l option is supplied, the shell places a dash at the begin‐
              ning  of  the  zeroth  argument passed to command.  This is what
              login(1) does.  The -c option causes command to be executed with
              an  empty environment.  If -a is supplied, the shell passes name
              as the zeroth argument to the executed command.  If command can‐
              not  be executed for some reason, a non-interactive shell exits,
              unless the execfail shell option is enabled.  In that  case,  it
              returns  failure.   An  interactive shell returns failure if the
              file cannot be executed.  If command is not specified, any redi‐
              rections take effect in the current shell, and the return status
              is 0.  If there is a redirection error, the return status is 1.

       exit [n]
              Cause the shell to exit with a status of n.  If  n  is  omitted,
              the exit status is that of the last command executed.  A trap on
              EXIT is executed before the shell terminates.

       export [-fn] [name[=word]] ...
       export -p
              The supplied names are marked for automatic export to the  envi‐
              ronment  of subsequently executed commands.  If the -f option is
              given, the names refer to functions.  If no names are given,  or
              if  the  -p  option is supplied, a list of names of all exported
              variables is printed.  The -n option causes the export  property
              to be removed from each name.  If a variable name is followed by
              =word, the value of the variable is set to word.  export returns
              an exit status of 0 unless an invalid option is encountered, one
              of the names is not a valid shell variable name, or -f  is  sup‐
              plied with a name that is not a function.

       fc [-e ename] [-lnr] [first] [last]
       fc -s [pat=rep] [cmd]
              The  first  form  selects a range of commands from first to last
              from the history list and  displays  or  edits  and  re-executes
              them.   First  and  last may be specified as a string (to locate
              the last command beginning with that string) or as a number  (an
              index  into the history list, where a negative number is used as
              an offset from the current command  number).   If  last  is  not
              specified  it is set to the current command for listing (so that
              ``fc -l -10'' prints the last 10 commands) and to  first  other‐
              wise.   If first is not specified it is set to the previous com‐
              mand for editing and -16 for listing.

              The -n option suppresses the command numbers when listing.   The
              -r  option reverses the order of the commands.  If the -l option
              is given, the commands are listed on  standard  output.   Other‐
              wise,  the editor given by ename is invoked on a file containing
              those commands.  If ename is not given, the value of the  FCEDIT
              variable  is used, and the value of EDITOR if FCEDIT is not set.
              If neither variable is set, vi is used.  When  editing  is  com‐
              plete, the edited commands are echoed and executed.

              In  the  second form, command is re-executed after each instance
              of pat is replaced by rep.  Command is intepreted  the  same  as
              first  above.  A useful alias to use with this is ``r="fc -s"'',
              so that typing ``r cc'' runs the  last  command  beginning  with
              ``cc'' and typing ``r'' re-executes the last command.

              If  the  first  form  is  used,  the return value is 0 unless an
              invalid option is encountered or first or last  specify  history
              lines  out  of  range.  If the -e option is supplied, the return
              value is the value of the last command executed or failure if an
              error occurs with the temporary file of commands.  If the second
              form is used, the return status is that of the  command  re-exe‐
              cuted,  unless  cmd  does  not  specify a valid history line, in
              which case fc returns failure.

       fg [jobspec]
              Resume jobspec in the foreground, and make it the  current  job.
              If jobspec is not present, the shell's notion of the current job
              is used.  The return value is that of the  command  placed  into
              the  foreground,  or failure if run when job control is disabled
              or, when run with job control enabled, if jobspec does not spec‐
              ify  a  valid  job  or  jobspec specifies a job that was started
              without job control.

       getopts optstring name [args]
              getopts is used by shell procedures to parse positional  parame‐
              ters.   optstring  contains  the  option characters to be recog‐
              nized; if a character is followed by  a  colon,  the  option  is
              expected  to have an argument, which should be separated from it
              by white space.  The colon and question mark characters may  not
              be  used as option characters.  Each time it is invoked, getopts
              places the next option in the shell variable name,  initializing
              name if it does not exist, and the index of the next argument to
              be processed into the variable OPTIND.  OPTIND is initialized to
              1  each  time  the  shell or a shell script is invoked.  When an
              option requires an argument, getopts places that  argument  into
              the  variable OPTARG.  The shell does not reset OPTIND automati‐
              cally; it must be  manually  reset  between  multiple  calls  to
              getopts within the same shell invocation if a new set of parame‐
              ters is to be used.

              When the end of options is encountered,  getopts  exits  with  a
              return  value  greater than zero.  OPTIND is set to the index of
              the first non-option argument, and name is set to ?.

              getopts normally parses the positional parameters, but  if  more
              arguments are given in args, getopts parses those instead.

              getopts  can  report errors in two ways.  If the first character
              of optstring is a colon, silent error  reporting  is  used.   In
              normal  operation,  diagnostic messages are printed when invalid
              options or missing option arguments  are  encountered.   If  the
              variable  OPTERR  is  set  to  0, no error messages will be dis‐
              played, even if the first character of optstring is not a colon.

              If an invalid option is seen, getopts places ? into name and, if
              not  silent,  prints  an  error  message  and unsets OPTARG.  If
              getopts is silent, the  option  character  found  is  placed  in
              OPTARG and no diagnostic message is printed.

              If  a required argument is not found, and getopts is not silent,
              a question mark (?) is placed in name, OPTARG is  unset,  and  a
              diagnostic  message  is  printed.   If getopts is silent, then a
              colon (:) is placed in name and OPTARG  is  set  to  the  option
              character found.

              getopts  returns true if an option, specified or unspecified, is
              found.  It returns false if the end of options is encountered or
              an error occurs.

       hash [-lr] [-p filename] [-dt] [name]
              Each time hash is invoked, the full pathname of the command name
              is determined by searching the directories in $PATH  and  remem‐
              bered.  Any previously-remembered pathname is discarded.  If the
              -p option is supplied, no path search is performed, and filename
              is  used  as  the  full  filename of the command.  The -r option
              causes the shell to forget all  remembered  locations.   The  -d
              option  causes  the  shell  to forget the remembered location of
              each name.  If the -t option is supplied, the full  pathname  to
              which  each name corresponds is printed.  If multiple name argu‐
              ments are supplied with -t,  the  name  is  printed  before  the
              hashed  full  pathname.   The -l option causes output to be dis‐
              played in a format that may be reused as input.  If no arguments
              are  given,  or if only -l is supplied, information about remem‐
              bered commands is printed.  The return status is true  unless  a
              name is not found or an invalid option is supplied.

       help [-dms] [pattern]
              Display  helpful information about builtin commands.  If pattern
              is specified, help gives detailed help on all commands  matching
              pattern;  otherwise  help for all the builtins and shell control
              structures is printed.
              -d     Display a short description of each pattern
              -m     Display the description of each pattern in a manpage-like
                     format
              -s     Display only a short usage synopsis for each pattern

              The return status is 0 unless no command matches pattern.

       history [n]
       history -c
       history -d offset
       history -anrw [filename]
       history -p arg [arg ...]
       history -s arg [arg ...]
              With no options, display the command history list with line num‐
              bers.  Lines listed with a * have been modified.  An argument of
              n  lists only the last n lines.  If the shell variable HISTTIME‐
              FORMAT is set and not null, it is used as a  format  string  for
              strftime(3)  to display the time stamp associated with each dis‐
              played history entry.  No intervening blank is  printed  between
              the  formatted  time stamp and the history line.  If filename is
              supplied, it is used as the name of the history  file;  if  not,
              the  value  of HISTFILE is used.  Options, if supplied, have the
              following meanings:
              -c     Clear the history list by deleting all the entries.
              -d offset
                     Delete the history entry at position offset.
              -a     Append the ``new'' history lines  to  the  history  file.
                     These  are  history  lines entered since the beginning of
                     the current bash session, but not already appended to the
                     history file.
              -n     Read  the history lines not already read from the history
                     file into the current  history  list.   These  are  lines
                     appended  to  the history file since the beginning of the
                     current bash session.
              -r     Read the contents of the history file and append them  to
                     the current history list.
              -w     Write the current history list to the history file, over‐
                     writing the history file's contents.
              -p     Perform history substitution on the  following  args  and
                     display  the  result  on  the  standard output.  Does not
                     store the results in the history list.  Each arg must  be
                     quoted to disable normal history expansion.
              -s     Store  the  args  in  the history list as a single entry.
                     The last command in the history list  is  removed  before
                     the args are added.

              If  the  HISTTIMEFORMAT variable is set, the time stamp informa‐
              tion associated with each history entry is written to  the  his‐
              tory  file, marked with the history comment character.  When the
              history file is read, lines beginning with the  history  comment
              character  followed  immediately  by  a digit are interpreted as
              timestamps for the following history entry.  The return value is
              0 unless an invalid option is encountered, an error occurs while
              reading or writing the history file, an invalid offset  is  sup‐
              plied as an argument to -d, or the history expansion supplied as
              an argument to -p fails.

       jobs [-lnprs] [ jobspec ... ]
       jobs -x command [ args ... ]
              The first form lists the active jobs.  The options have the fol‐
              lowing meanings:
              -l     List process IDs in addition to the normal information.
              -n     Display  information  only  about  jobs that have changed
                     status since the user was last notified of their status.
              -p     List only the process  ID  of  the  job's  process  group
                     leader.
              -r     Display only running jobs.
              -s     Display only stopped jobs.

              If  jobspec  is given, output is restricted to information about
              that job.  The return status is 0 unless an  invalid  option  is
              encountered or an invalid jobspec is supplied.

              If the -x option is supplied, jobs replaces any jobspec found in
              command or args with the corresponding  process  group  ID,  and
              executes command passing it args, returning its exit status.

       kill [-s sigspec | -n signum | -sigspec] [pid | jobspec] ...
       kill -l|-L [sigspec | exit_status]
              Send  the  signal  named  by  sigspec or signum to the processes
              named by pid or jobspec.  sigspec is either  a  case-insensitive
              signal  name such as SIGKILL (with or without the SIG prefix) or
              a signal number; signum is a signal number.  If sigspec  is  not
              present,  then  SIGTERM is assumed.  An argument of -l lists the
              signal names.  If any arguments are supplied when -l  is  given,
              the  names  of  the  signals  corresponding to the arguments are
              listed, and the return status is 0.  The exit_status argument to
              -l  is  a  number  specifying either a signal number or the exit
              status of a process terminated by a signal.  The  -L  option  is
              equivalent  to -l.  kill returns true if at least one signal was
              successfully sent, or false if an error  occurs  or  an  invalid
              option is encountered.

       let arg [arg ...]
              Each arg is an arithmetic expression to be evaluated (see ARITH‐
              METIC EVALUATION above).  If the last arg evaluates  to  0,  let
              returns 1; 0 is returned otherwise.

       local [option] [name[=value] ... | - ]
              For  each  argument, a local variable named name is created, and
              assigned value.  The option can be any of the  options  accepted
              by declare.  When local is used within a function, it causes the
              variable name to have a visible scope restricted to  that  func‐
              tion  and  its children.  If name is -, the set of shell options
              is made local to the function in which local is  invoked:  shell
              options  changed  using  the set builtin inside the function are
              restored to their original values  when  the  function  returns.
              With  no operands, local writes a list of local variables to the
              standard output.  It is an error to use local when not within  a
              function.  The return status is 0 unless local is used outside a
              function, an invalid name is supplied, or  name  is  a  readonly
              variable.

       logout Exit a login shell.

       mapfile  [-d  delim] [-n count] [-O origin] [-s count] [-t] [-u fd] [-C
       callback] [-c quantum] [array]
       readarray [-d delim] [-n count] [-O origin] [-s count] [-t] [-u fd] [-C
       callback] [-c quantum] [array]
              Read  lines from the standard input into the indexed array vari‐
              able array, or from file descriptor fd if the -u option is  sup‐
              plied.   The variable MAPFILE is the default array.  Options, if
              supplied, have the following meanings:
              -d     The first character of delim is used  to  terminate  each
                     input line, rather than newline.
              -n     Copy  at  most count lines.  If count is 0, all lines are
                     copied.
              -O     Begin assigning to array at index  origin.   The  default
                     index is 0.
              -s     Discard the first count lines read.
              -t     Remove  a trailing delim (default newline) from each line
                     read.
              -u     Read lines from file descriptor fd instead of  the  stan‐
                     dard input.
              -C     Evaluate  callback each time quantum lines are read.  The
                     -c option specifies quantum.
              -c     Specify the number of lines read  between  each  call  to
                     callback.

              If  -C  is  specified  without  -c, the default quantum is 5000.
              When callback is evaluated, it is supplied the index of the next
              array element to be assigned and the line to be assigned to that
              element as additional arguments.  callback  is  evaluated  after
              the line is read but before the array element is assigned.

              If  not  supplied  with  an  explicit origin, mapfile will clear
              array before assigning to it.

              mapfile returns successfully unless an invalid option or  option
              argument  is  supplied,  array is invalid or unassignable, or if
              array is not an indexed array.

       popd [-n] [+n] [-n]
              Removes entries from the directory stack.   With  no  arguments,
              removes  the  top directory from the stack, and performs a cd to
              the new top directory.  Arguments, if supplied, have the follow‐
              ing meanings:
              -n     Suppresses  the  normal change of directory when removing
                     directories from the stack, so that  only  the  stack  is
                     manipulated.
              +n     Removes  the nth entry counting from the left of the list
                     shown by dirs, starting with zero.  For  example:  ``popd
                     +0'' removes the first directory, ``popd +1'' the second.
              -n     Removes the nth entry counting from the right of the list
                     shown by dirs, starting with zero.  For  example:  ``popd
                     -0''  removes the last directory, ``popd -1'' the next to
                     last.

              If the popd command is successful, a dirs is performed as  well,
              and  the  return  status is 0.  popd returns false if an invalid
              option is encountered, the directory stack is empty, a non-exis‐
              tent directory stack entry is specified, or the directory change
              fails.

       printf [-v var] format [arguments]
              Write the formatted arguments to the standard output  under  the
              control  of  the  format.  The -v option causes the output to be
              assigned to the variable var rather than being  printed  to  the
              standard output.

              The  format  is a character string which contains three types of
              objects: plain characters, which are simply copied  to  standard
              output,  character  escape  sequences,  which  are converted and
              copied to the standard output, and format  specifications,  each
              of  which  causes  printing of the next successive argument.  In
              addition to the standard printf(1) format specifications, printf
              interprets the following extensions:
              %b     causes printf to expand backslash escape sequences in the
                     corresponding argument in the same way as echo -e.
              %q     causes printf to output the corresponding argument  in  a
                     format that can be reused as shell input.
              %(datefmt)T
                     causes  printf  to  output the date-time string resulting
                     from using datefmt as a format  string  for  strftime(3).
                     The corresponding argument is an integer representing the
                     number of seconds since the epoch.  Two special  argument
                     values  may  be used: -1 represents the current time, and
                     -2 represents the time the  shell  was  invoked.   If  no
                     argument  is  specified,  conversion behaves as if -1 had
                     been given.  This is an exception  to  the  usual  printf
                     behavior.

              Arguments  to non-string format specifiers are treated as C con‐
              stants, except that a leading plus or minus sign is allowed, and
              if  the leading character is a single or double quote, the value
              is the ASCII value of the following character.

              The format is reused as necessary to consume all  of  the  argu‐
              ments.  If the format requires more arguments than are supplied,
              the extra format specifications behave as if  a  zero  value  or
              null  string,  as  appropriate,  had  been supplied.  The return
              value is zero on success, non-zero on failure.

       pushd [-n] [+n] [-n]
       pushd [-n] [dir]
              Adds a directory to the top of the directory stack,  or  rotates
              the  stack,  making the new top of the stack the current working
              directory.  With no  arguments,  pushd  exchanges  the  top  two
              directories  and returns 0, unless the directory stack is empty.
              Arguments, if supplied, have the following meanings:
              -n     Suppresses the normal change of directory  when  rotating
                     or  adding  directories  to  the  stack, so that only the
                     stack is manipulated.
              +n     Rotates the stack so that  the  nth  directory  (counting
                     from  the  left  of the list shown by dirs, starting with
                     zero) is at the top.
              -n     Rotates the stack so that  the  nth  directory  (counting
                     from  the  right of the list shown by dirs, starting with
                     zero) is at the top.
              dir    Adds dir to the directory stack at the top, making it the
                     new  current working directory as if it had been supplied
                     as the argument to the cd builtin.

              If the pushd command is successful, a dirs is performed as well.
              If  the first form is used, pushd returns 0 unless the cd to dir
              fails.  With the second form, pushd returns 0 unless the  direc‐
              tory  stack  is empty, a non-existent directory stack element is
              specified, or the directory change to the specified new  current
              directory fails.

       pwd [-LP]
              Print  the  absolute  pathname of the current working directory.
              The pathname printed contains no symbolic links if the -P option
              is supplied or the -o physical option to the set builtin command
              is enabled.  If the -L option is used, the pathname printed  may
              contain  symbolic links.  The return status is 0 unless an error
              occurs while reading the name of the  current  directory  or  an
              invalid option is supplied.

       read [-ers] [-a aname] [-d delim] [-i text] [-n nchars] [-N nchars] [-p
       prompt] [-t timeout] [-u fd] [name ...]
              One line is read from the  standard  input,  or  from  the  file
              descriptor  fd  supplied  as an argument to the -u option, split
              into words as described above  under  Word  Splitting,  and  the
              first word is assigned to the first name, the second word to the
              second name, and so on.  If there are more words than names, the
              remaining words and their intervening delimiters are assigned to
              the last name.  If there are fewer words  read  from  the  input
              stream  than  names, the remaining names are assigned empty val‐
              ues.  The characters in IFS are used  to  split  the  line  into
              words  using  the  same  rules  the  shell  uses  for  expansion
              (described above under Word Splitting).  The backslash character
              (\) may be used to remove any special meaning for the next char‐
              acter read and for line  continuation.   Options,  if  supplied,
              have the following meanings:
              -a aname
                     The words are assigned to sequential indices of the array
                     variable aname, starting at 0.  aname is unset before any
                     new  values  are  assigned.   Other  name  arguments  are
                     ignored.
              -d delim
                     The first character of delim is  used  to  terminate  the
                     input line, rather than newline.
              -e     If the standard input is coming from a terminal, readline
                     (see READLINE above) is used to obtain the  line.   Read‐
                     line  uses  the  current (or default, if line editing was
                     not previously active) editing settings.
              -i text
                     If readline is being used  to  read  the  line,  text  is
                     placed into the editing buffer before editing begins.
              -n nchars
                     read  returns after reading nchars characters rather than
                     waiting for a complete line of input, but honors a delim‐
                     iter  if fewer than nchars characters are read before the
                     delimiter.
              -N nchars
                     read returns  after  reading  exactly  nchars  characters
                     rather  than waiting for a complete line of input, unless
                     EOF is encountered or read times out.  Delimiter  charac‐
                     ters  encountered  in the input are not treated specially
                     and do not cause read to return until  nchars  characters
                     are  read.   The result is not split on the characters in
                     IFS; the intent is that the variable is assigned  exactly
                     the characters read (with the exception of backslash; see
                     the -r option below).
              -p prompt
                     Display prompt on standard error, without a trailing new‐
                     line, before attempting to read any input.  The prompt is
                     displayed only if input is coming from a terminal.
              -r     Backslash does not act as an escape character.  The back‐
                     slash  is considered to be part of the line.  In particu‐
                     lar, a backslash-newline pair may not be used as  a  line
                     continuation.
              -s     Silent mode.  If input is coming from a terminal, charac‐
                     ters are not echoed.
              -t timeout
                     Cause read to time out and return failure if  a  complete
                     line  of  input  (or a specified number of characters) is
                     not read within timeout seconds.  timeout may be a  deci‐
                     mal  number with a fractional portion following the deci‐
                     mal point.  This option is  only  effective  if  read  is
                     reading  input  from  a  terminal, pipe, or other special
                     file; it has no effect when reading from  regular  files.
                     If read times out, read saves any partial input read into
                     the specified variable  name.   If  timeout  is  0,  read
                     returns  immediately,  without  trying  to read any data.
                     The exit status is 0 if input is available on the  speci‐
                     fied  file descriptor, non-zero otherwise.  The exit sta‐
                     tus is greater than 128 if the timeout is exceeded.
              -u fd  Read input from file descriptor fd.

              If no names are supplied, the line read is assigned to the vari‐
              able  REPLY.   The  exit  status  is zero, unless end-of-file is
              encountered, read times out (in which case the status is greater
              than  128),  a variable assignment error (such as assigning to a
              readonly variable) occurs, or an invalid file descriptor is sup‐
              plied as the argument to -u.

       readonly [-aAf] [-p] [name[=word] ...]
              The  given  names are marked readonly; the values of these names
              may not be changed by subsequent assignment.  If the  -f  option
              is  supplied,  the  functions  corresponding to the names are so
              marked.  The  -a  option  restricts  the  variables  to  indexed
              arrays;  the  -A  option  restricts the variables to associative
              arrays.  If both options are supplied, -A takes precedence.   If
              no  name arguments are given, or if the -p option is supplied, a
              list of all readonly names is printed.  The other options may be
              used  to  restrict the output to a subset of the set of readonly
              names.  The -p option causes output to be displayed in a  format
              that  may be reused as input.  If a variable name is followed by
              =word, the value of the variable is set  to  word.   The  return
              status  is 0 unless an invalid option is encountered, one of the
              names is not a valid shell variable name, or -f is supplied with
              a name that is not a function.

       return [n]
              Causes  a function to stop executing and return the value speci‐
              fied by n to its caller.  If n is omitted, the return status  is
              that  of  the  last  command  executed in the function body.  If
              return is executed by a trap handler, the last command  used  to
              determine  the  status  is  the last command executed before the
              trap handler.  if return is executed during a  DEBUG  trap,  the
              last  command  used  to determine the status is the last command
              executed by the trap handler  before  return  was  invoked.   If
              return  is  used  outside  a function, but during execution of a
              script by the .  (source) command, it causes the shell  to  stop
              executing  that script and return either n or the exit status of
              the last command executed within the script as the  exit  status
              of  the script.  If n is supplied, the return value is its least
              significant 8 bits.  The return status is non-zero if return  is
              supplied  a  non-numeric argument, or is used outside a function
              and not during execution of a script by . or source.   Any  com‐
              mand  associated  with the RETURN trap is executed before execu‐
              tion resumes after the function or script.

       set [--abefhkmnptuvxBCEHPT] [-o option-name] [arg ...]
       set [+abefhkmnptuvxBCEHPT] [+o option-name] [arg ...]
              Without options, the name and value of each shell  variable  are
              displayed in a format that can be reused as input for setting or
              resetting the currently-set variables.  Read-only variables can‐
              not  be  reset.  In posix mode, only shell variables are listed.
              The output is sorted according  to  the  current  locale.   When
              options  are specified, they set or unset shell attributes.  Any
              arguments remaining after option processing are treated as  val‐
              ues for the positional parameters and are assigned, in order, to
              $1, $2, ...  $n.  Options,  if  specified,  have  the  following
              meanings:
              -a      Each variable or function that is created or modified is
                      given the export attribute and marked for export to  the
                      environment of subsequent commands.
              -b      Report  the status of terminated background jobs immedi‐
                      ately, rather than before the next primary prompt.  This
                      is effective only when job control is enabled.
              -e      Exit  immediately  if a pipeline (which may consist of a
                      single simple command), a list, or  a  compound  command
                      (see SHELL GRAMMAR above), exits with a non-zero status.
                      The shell does not exit if the  command  that  fails  is
                      part  of  the command list immediately following a while
                      or until keyword, part of the test following the  if  or
                      elif  reserved  words, part of any command executed in a
                      && or || list except the command following the final  &&
                      or ||, any command in a pipeline but the last, or if the
                      command's return value is being inverted with !.   If  a
                      compound  command  other  than a subshell returns a non-
                      zero status because a command failed while -e was  being
                      ignored,  the  shell  does  not exit.  A trap on ERR, if
                      set, is executed before the shell  exits.   This  option
                      applies to the shell environment and each subshell envi‐
                      ronment separately (see  COMMAND  EXECUTION  ENVIRONMENT
                      above), and may cause subshells to exit before executing
                      all the commands in the subshell.

                      If a compound command or shell function  executes  in  a
                      context  where -e is being ignored, none of the commands
                      executed within the compound command  or  function  body
                      will  be  affected  by the -e setting, even if -e is set
                      and a command returns a failure status.  If  a  compound
                      command  or  shell function sets -e while executing in a
                      context where -e is ignored, that setting will not  have
                      any  effect  until  the  compound command or the command
                      containing the function call completes.
              -f      Disable pathname expansion.
              -h      Remember the location of commands as they are looked  up
                      for execution.  This is enabled by default.
              -k      All  arguments  in the form of assignment statements are
                      placed in the environment for a command, not just  those
                      that precede the command name.
              -m      Monitor  mode.   Job control is enabled.  This option is
                      on by default for interactive  shells  on  systems  that
                      support  it  (see JOB CONTROL above).  All processes run
                      in a separate process group.  When a background job com‐
                      pletes, the shell prints a line containing its exit sta‐
                      tus.
              -n      Read commands but do not execute them.  This may be used
                      to  check  a  shell  script  for syntax errors.  This is
                      ignored by interactive shells.
              -o option-name
                      The option-name can be one of the following:
                      allexport
                              Same as -a.
                      braceexpand
                              Same as -B.
                      emacs   Use an emacs-style command line  editing  inter‐
                              face.  This is enabled by default when the shell
                              is interactive, unless the shell is started with
                              the  --noediting  option.  This also affects the
                              editing interface used for read -e.
                      errexit Same as -e.
                      errtrace
                              Same as -E.
                      functrace
                              Same as -T.
                      hashall Same as -h.
                      histexpand
                              Same as -H.
                      history Enable command history, as described above under
                              HISTORY.  This option is on by default in inter‐
                              active shells.
                      ignoreeof
                              The  effect  is  as   if   the   shell   command
                              ``IGNOREEOF=10''  had  been  executed (see Shell
                              Variables above).
                      keyword Same as -k.
                      monitor Same as -m.
                      noclobber
                              Same as -C.
                      noexec  Same as -n.
                      noglob  Same as -f.
                      nolog   Currently ignored.
                      notify  Same as -b.
                      nounset Same as -u.
                      onecmd  Same as -t.
                      physical
                              Same as -P.
                      pipefail
                              If set, the return value of a  pipeline  is  the
                              value  of  the  last (rightmost) command to exit
                              with a non-zero status, or zero if all  commands
                              in  the pipeline exit successfully.  This option
                              is disabled by default.
                      posix   Change the behavior of bash  where  the  default
                              operation  differs  from  the  POSIX standard to
                              match the standard (posix mode).  See  SEE  ALSO
                              below for a reference to a document that details
                              how posix mode affects bash's behavior.
                      privileged
                              Same as -p.
                      verbose Same as -v.
                      vi      Use a vi-style command line  editing  interface.
                              This also affects the editing interface used for
                              read -e.
                      xtrace  Same as -x.
                      If -o is supplied with no option-name, the values of the
                      current  options are printed.  If +o is supplied with no
                      option-name, a series of set commands  to  recreate  the
                      current  option  settings  is  displayed on the standard
                      output.
              -p      Turn on privileged mode.  In this  mode,  the  $ENV  and
                      $BASH_ENV  files  are not processed, shell functions are
                      not inherited from the environment, and  the  SHELLOPTS,
                      BASHOPTS,  CDPATH,  and  GLOBIGNORE  variables,  if they
                      appear in the environment, are ignored.  If the shell is
                      started  with the effective user (group) id not equal to
                      the real user (group) id, and the -p option is not  sup‐
                      plied, these actions are taken and the effective user id
                      is set to the real user id.  If the -p  option  is  sup‐
                      plied  at  startup,  the effective user id is not reset.
                      Turning this option off causes the  effective  user  and
                      group ids to be set to the real user and group ids.
              -t      Exit after reading and executing one command.
              -u      Treat unset variables and parameters other than the spe‐
                      cial parameters "@" and "*" as an error when  performing
                      parameter  expansion.   If  expansion is attempted on an
                      unset variable or parameter, the shell prints  an  error
                      message,  and, if not interactive, exits with a non-zero
                      status.
              -v      Print shell input lines as they are read.
              -x      After expanding each simple command, for  command,  case
                      command, select command, or arithmetic for command, dis‐
                      play the expanded value of PS4, followed by the  command
                      and its expanded arguments or associated word list.
              -B      The  shell performs brace expansion (see Brace Expansion
                      above).  This is on by default.
              -C      If set, bash does not overwrite an  existing  file  with
                      the  >,  >&,  and <> redirection operators.  This may be
                      overridden when creating output files by using the redi‐
                      rection operator >| instead of >.
              -E      If set, any trap on ERR is inherited by shell functions,
                      command substitutions, and commands executed in  a  sub‐
                      shell  environment.  The ERR trap is normally not inher‐
                      ited in such cases.
              -H      Enable !  style history substitution.  This option is on
                      by default when the shell is interactive.
              -P      If  set,  the shell does not resolve symbolic links when
                      executing commands such as cd that  change  the  current
                      working  directory.   It  uses  the  physical  directory
                      structure instead.  By default, bash follows the logical
                      chain  of  directories  when  performing  commands which
                      change the current directory.
              -T      If set, any traps on DEBUG and RETURN are  inherited  by
                      shell  functions,  command  substitutions,  and commands
                      executed in  a  subshell  environment.   The  DEBUG  and
                      RETURN traps are normally not inherited in such cases.
              --      If  no arguments follow this option, then the positional
                      parameters are unset.  Otherwise, the positional parame‐
                      ters  are  set  to  the args, even if some of them begin
                      with a -.
              -       Signal the end of options, cause all remaining  args  to
                      be assigned to the positional parameters.  The -x and -v
                      options are turned off.  If there are no args, the posi‐
                      tional parameters remain unchanged.

              The  options are off by default unless otherwise noted.  Using +
              rather than - causes  these  options  to  be  turned  off.   The
              options  can  also be specified as arguments to an invocation of
              the shell.  The current set of options may be found in $-.   The
              return status is always true unless an invalid option is encoun‐
              tered.

       shift [n]
              The positional parameters from n+1 ... are renamed  to  $1  ....
              Parameters  represented  by  the  numbers  $# down to $#-n+1 are
              unset.  n must be a non-negative number less than  or  equal  to
              $#.   If  n is 0, no parameters are changed.  If n is not given,
              it is assumed to be 1.  If n is greater than $#, the  positional
              parameters  are  not changed.  The return status is greater than
              zero if n is greater than $# or less than zero; otherwise 0.

       shopt [-pqsu] [-o] [optname ...]
              Toggle the values of settings controlling optional shell  behav‐
              ior.   The settings can be either those listed below, or, if the
              -o option is used, those available with the -o option to the set
              builtin command.  With no options, or with the -p option, a list
              of all settable options is  displayed,  with  an  indication  of
              whether  or  not each is set.  The -p option causes output to be
              displayed in a form that may be reused as input.  Other  options
              have the following meanings:
              -s     Enable (set) each optname.
              -u     Disable (unset) each optname.
              -q     Suppresses  normal output (quiet mode); the return status
                     indicates whether the optname is set or unset.  If multi‐
                     ple  optname arguments are given with -q, the return sta‐
                     tus is zero if all optnames are enabled; non-zero  other‐
                     wise.
              -o     Restricts  the  values of optname to be those defined for
                     the -o option to the set builtin.

              If either -s or -u is used  with  no  optname  arguments,  shopt
              shows  only  those options which are set or unset, respectively.
              Unless otherwise noted, the shopt options are  disabled  (unset)
              by default.

              The  return  status when listing options is zero if all optnames
              are enabled, non-zero  otherwise.   When  setting  or  unsetting
              options,  the  return  status is zero unless an optname is not a
              valid shell option.

              The list of shopt options is:

              autocd  If set, a command name that is the name of  a  directory
                      is  executed  as  if it were the argument to the cd com‐
                      mand.  This option is only used by interactive shells.
              cdable_vars
                      If set, an argument to the cd builtin  command  that  is
                      not  a directory is assumed to be the name of a variable
                      whose value is the directory to change to.
              cdspell If set, minor errors in the spelling of a directory com‐
                      ponent  in  a  cd command will be corrected.  The errors
                      checked for are transposed characters, a missing charac‐
                      ter,  and  one  character  too many.  If a correction is
                      found, the corrected filename is printed, and  the  com‐
                      mand  proceeds.  This option is only used by interactive
                      shells.
              checkhash
                      If set, bash checks that a command found in the hash ta‐
                      ble  exists  before  trying  to execute it.  If a hashed
                      command no longer exists, a normal path search  is  per‐
                      formed.
              checkjobs
                      If set, bash lists the status of any stopped and running
                      jobs before exiting an interactive shell.  If  any  jobs
                      are running, this causes the exit to be deferred until a
                      second exit is attempted without an intervening  command
                      (see  JOB  CONTROL  above).   The shell always postpones
                      exiting if any jobs are stopped.
              checkwinsize
                      If set, bash checks the window size after  each  command
                      and,  if necessary, updates the values of LINES and COL‐
                      UMNS.
              cmdhist If set, bash attempts to save all lines of  a  multiple-
                      line  command  in  the  same history entry.  This allows
                      easy re-editing of multi-line commands.
              compat31
                      If set, bash changes its behavior to that of version 3.1
                      with  respect  to quoted arguments to the [[ conditional
                      command's =~ operator and locale-specific string compar‐
                      ison  when  using  the  [[ conditional command's < and >
                      operators.  Bash versions prior to  bash-4.1  use  ASCII
                      collation and strcmp(3); bash-4.1 and later use the cur‐
                      rent locale's collation sequence and strcoll(3).
              compat32
                      If set, bash changes its behavior to that of version 3.2
                      with  respect  to locale-specific string comparison when
                      using the [[ conditional command's  <  and  >  operators
                      (see  previous  item)  and  the effect of interrupting a
                      command list.  Bash versions 3.2  and  earlier  continue
                      with  the  next command in the list after one terminates
                      due to an interrupt.
              compat40
                      If set, bash changes its behavior to that of version 4.0
                      with  respect  to locale-specific string comparison when
                      using the [[ conditional command's  <  and  >  operators
                      (see  description  of compat31) and the effect of inter‐
                      rupting a command list.  Bash  versions  4.0  and  later
                      interrupt  the  list as if the shell received the inter‐
                      rupt; previous versions continue with the  next  command
                      in the list.
              compat41
                      If  set, bash, when in posix mode, treats a single quote
                      in a double-quoted  parameter  expansion  as  a  special
                      character.   The  single quotes must match (an even num‐
                      ber) and the characters between the  single  quotes  are
                      considered  quoted.   This is the behavior of posix mode
                      through version 4.1.  The default bash behavior  remains
                      as in previous versions.
              compat42
                      If  set, bash does not process the replacement string in
                      the pattern  substitution  word  expansion  using  quote
                      removal.
              compat43
                      If  set,  bash  does  not  print a warning message if an
                      attempt is made to use a quoted compound  array  assign‐
                      ment  as  an  argument  to declare, makes word expansion
                      errors non-fatal errors that cause the  current  command
                      to  fail  (the  default  behavior  is to make them fatal
                      errors that cause the shell to exit), and does not reset
                      the  loop  state when a shell function is executed (this
                      allows break or continue in a shell function  to  affect
                      loops in the caller's context).
              complete_fullquote
                      If  set,  bash  quotes all shell metacharacters in file‐
                      names and directory names  when  performing  completion.
                      If not set, bash removes metacharacters such as the dol‐
                      lar sign from the set of characters that will be  quoted
                      in  completed filenames when these metacharacters appear
                      in shell variable references in words to  be  completed.
                      This  means  that  dollar  signs  in variable names that
                      expand to directories will not be quoted;  however,  any
                      dollar  signs appearing in filenames will not be quoted,
                      either.  This is active only when bash  is  using  back‐
                      slashes  to quote completed filenames.  This variable is
                      set by default, which is the default  bash  behavior  in
                      versions through 4.2.
              direxpand
                      If  set,  bash replaces directory names with the results
                      of word expansion when performing  filename  completion.
                      This  changes  the contents of the readline editing buf‐
                      fer.  If not set, bash attempts  to  preserve  what  the
                      user typed.
              dirspell
                      If  set,  bash attempts spelling correction on directory
                      names during word completion if the directory name  ini‐
                      tially supplied does not exist.
              dotglob If  set, bash includes filenames beginning with a `.' in
                      the results of pathname expansion.
              execfail
                      If set, a non-interactive shell will not exit if it can‐
                      not  execute  the  file  specified as an argument to the
                      exec builtin command.  An  interactive  shell  does  not
                      exit if exec fails.
              expand_aliases
                      If  set,  aliases  are expanded as described above under
                      ALIASES.  This option is enabled by default for interac‐
                      tive shells.
              extdebug
                      If  set  at  shell  invocation,  arrange  to execute the
                      debugger profile before the shell starts,  identical  to
                      the  --debugger option.  If set after invocation, behav‐
                      ior intended for use by debuggers is enabled:
                      1.     The -F option to the declare builtin displays the
                             source file name and line number corresponding to
                             each function name supplied as an argument.
                      2.     If the command run by the DEBUG  trap  returns  a
                             non-zero  value,  the next command is skipped and
                             not executed.
                      3.     If the command run by the DEBUG  trap  returns  a
                             value  of 2, and the shell is executing in a sub‐
                             routine (a shell function or a shell script  exe‐
                             cuted  by  the  .  or source builtins), the shell
                             simulates a call to return.
                      4.     BASH_ARGC and BASH_ARGV are updated as  described
                             in their descriptions above.
                      5.     Function  tracing  is  enabled: command substitu‐
                             tion, shell functions, and subshells invoked with
                             ( command ) inherit the DEBUG and RETURN traps.
                      6.     Error  tracing  is enabled: command substitution,
                             shell functions, and  subshells  invoked  with  (
                             command ) inherit the ERR trap.
              extglob If set, the extended pattern matching features described
                      above under Pathname Expansion are enabled.
              extquote
                      If set, $'string' and  $"string"  quoting  is  performed
                      within   ${parameter}   expansions  enclosed  in  double
                      quotes.  This option is enabled by default.
              failglob
                      If set, patterns which fail to  match  filenames  during
                      pathname expansion result in an expansion error.
              force_fignore
                      If  set,  the  suffixes  specified  by the FIGNORE shell
                      variable cause words to be ignored when performing  word
                      completion even if the ignored words are the only possi‐
                      ble  completions.   See  SHELL  VARIABLES  above  for  a
                      description  of  FIGNORE.   This  option  is  enabled by
                      default.
              globasciiranges
                      If set,  range  expressions  used  in  pattern  matching
                      bracket  expressions (see Pattern Matching above) behave
                      as if in the traditional C locale when  performing  com‐
                      parisons.   That  is,  the  current  locale's  collating
                      sequence is not taken into account, so b will  not  col‐
                      late  between  A  and  B,  and upper-case and lower-case
                      ASCII characters will collate together.
              globstar
                      If set, the pattern ** used in a pathname expansion con‐
                      text  will  match all files and zero or more directories
                      and subdirectories.  If the pattern is followed by a  /,
                      only directories and subdirectories match.
              gnu_errfmt
                      If set, shell error messages are written in the standard
                      GNU error message format.
              histappend
                      If set, the history list is appended to the  file  named
                      by  the  value  of  the HISTFILE variable when the shell
                      exits, rather than overwriting the file.
              histreedit
                      If set, and readline is being used, a user is given  the
                      opportunity to re-edit a failed history substitution.
              histverify
                      If  set, and readline is being used, the results of his‐
                      tory substitution are  not  immediately  passed  to  the
                      shell  parser.   Instead,  the  resulting line is loaded
                      into the readline editing buffer, allowing further modi‐
                      fication.
              hostcomplete
                      If set, and readline is being used, bash will attempt to
                      perform hostname completion when a word containing  a  @
                      is   being  completed  (see  Completing  under  READLINE
                      above).  This is enabled by default.
              huponexit
                      If set, bash will send SIGHUP to all jobs when an inter‐
                      active login shell exits.
              inherit_errexit
                      If  set,  command substitution inherits the value of the
                      errexit option, instead of unsetting it in the  subshell
                      environment.   This option is enabled when posix mode is
                      enabled.
              interactive_comments
                      If set, allow a word beginning with # to cause that word
                      and  all remaining characters on that line to be ignored
                      in an interactive  shell  (see  COMMENTS  above).   This
                      option is enabled by default.
              lastpipe
                      If  set,  and  job control is not active, the shell runs
                      the last command of a pipeline not executed in the back‐
                      ground in the current shell environment.
              lithist If  set,  and  the cmdhist option is enabled, multi-line
                      commands are saved to the history with embedded newlines
                      rather than using semicolon separators where possible.
              login_shell
                      The  shell  sets this option if it is started as a login
                      shell (see INVOCATION above).   The  value  may  not  be
                      changed.
              mailwarn
                      If  set,  and  a file that bash is checking for mail has
                      been accessed since the last time it  was  checked,  the
                      message  ``The  mail in mailfile has been read'' is dis‐
                      played.
              no_empty_cmd_completion
                      If set, and  readline  is  being  used,  bash  will  not
                      attempt to search the PATH for possible completions when
                      completion is attempted on an empty line.
              nocaseglob
                      If set, bash matches  filenames  in  a  case-insensitive
                      fashion when performing pathname expansion (see Pathname
                      Expansion above).
              nocasematch
                      If set, bash  matches  patterns  in  a  case-insensitive
                      fashion when performing matching while executing case or
                      [[ conditional commands, when performing pattern substi‐
                      tution  word expansions, or when filtering possible com‐
                      pletions as part of programmable completion.
              nullglob
                      If set, bash allows patterns which match no  files  (see
                      Pathname  Expansion  above)  to expand to a null string,
                      rather than themselves.
              progcomp
                      If set, the programmable completion facilities (see Pro‐
                      grammable Completion above) are enabled.  This option is
                      enabled by default.
              promptvars
                      If set, prompt strings undergo parameter expansion, com‐
                      mand   substitution,  arithmetic  expansion,  and  quote
                      removal after being expanded as described  in  PROMPTING
                      above.  This option is enabled by default.
              restricted_shell
                      The   shell  sets  this  option  if  it  is  started  in
                      restricted mode (see RESTRICTED SHELL below).  The value
                      may  not be changed.  This is not reset when the startup
                      files are executed, allowing the startup files  to  dis‐
                      cover whether or not a shell is restricted.
              shift_verbose
                      If  set,  the shift builtin prints an error message when
                      the shift count exceeds the number of positional parame‐
                      ters.
              sourcepath
                      If set, the source (.) builtin uses the value of PATH to
                      find the directory containing the file  supplied  as  an
                      argument.  This option is enabled by default.
              xpg_echo
                      If   set,  the  echo  builtin  expands  backslash-escape
                      sequences by default.

       suspend [-f]
              Suspend the execution of this shell until it receives a  SIGCONT
              signal.  A login shell cannot be suspended; the -f option can be
              used to override this and force the suspension.  The return sta‐
              tus  is  0  unless the shell is a login shell and -f is not sup‐
              plied, or if job control is not enabled.

       test expr
       [ expr ]
              Return a status of 0 (true) or 1 (false) depending on the evalu‐
              ation of the conditional expression expr.  Each operator and op‐
              erand must be a separate argument.  Expressions are composed  of
              the  primaries  described  above  under CONDITIONAL EXPRESSIONS.
              test does not accept any options, nor does it accept and  ignore
              an argument of -- as signifying the end of options.

              Expressions  may  be  combined  using  the  following operators,
              listed  in  decreasing  order  of  precedence.   The  evaluation
              depends  on the number of arguments; see below.  Operator prece‐
              dence is used when there are five or more arguments.
              ! expr True if expr is false.
              ( expr )
                     Returns the value of expr.  This may be used to  override
                     the normal precedence of operators.
              expr1 -a expr2
                     True if both expr1 and expr2 are true.
              expr1 -o expr2
                     True if either expr1 or expr2 is true.

              test and [ evaluate conditional expressions using a set of rules
              based on the number of arguments.

              0 arguments
                     The expression is false.
              1 argument
                     The expression is true if and only if the argument is not
                     null.
              2 arguments
                     If the first argument is !, the expression is true if and
                     only if the second argument is null.  If the first  argu‐
                     ment  is  one  of  the unary conditional operators listed
                     above under CONDITIONAL EXPRESSIONS,  the  expression  is
                     true if the unary test is true.  If the first argument is
                     not a valid unary conditional operator, the expression is
                     false.
              3 arguments
                     The following conditions are applied in the order listed.
                     If the second argument is one of the  binary  conditional
                     operators listed above under CONDITIONAL EXPRESSIONS, the
                     result of the expression is the result of the binary test
                     using  the first and third arguments as operands.  The -a
                     and -o operators are  considered  binary  operators  when
                     there  are  three arguments.  If the first argument is !,
                     the value is the negation of the two-argument test  using
                     the second and third arguments.  If the first argument is
                     exactly ( and the third argument is exactly ), the result
                     is  the one-argument test of the second argument.  Other‐
                     wise, the expression is false.
              4 arguments
                     If the first argument is !, the result is the negation of
                     the  three-argument  expression composed of the remaining
                     arguments.  Otherwise, the expression is parsed and eval‐
                     uated  according  to  precedence  using  the rules listed
                     above.
              5 or more arguments
                     The expression  is  parsed  and  evaluated  according  to
                     precedence using the rules listed above.

              When  used  with  test  or [, the < and > operators sort lexico‐
              graphically using ASCII ordering.

       times  Print the accumulated user and system times for  the  shell  and
              for processes run from the shell.  The return status is 0.

       trap [-lp] [[arg] sigspec ...]
              The  command  arg  is  to  be  read  and executed when the shell
              receives signal(s) sigspec.  If arg is absent (and  there  is  a
              single  sigspec)  or  -,  each  specified signal is reset to its
              original disposition (the value it  had  upon  entrance  to  the
              shell).   If arg is the null string the signal specified by each
              sigspec is ignored by the shell and by the commands it  invokes.
              If  arg  is  not present and -p has been supplied, then the trap
              commands associated with each  sigspec  are  displayed.   If  no
              arguments  are  supplied or if only -p is given, trap prints the
              list of commands associated with each  signal.   The  -l  option
              causes  the shell to print a list of signal names and their cor‐
              responding numbers.   Each  sigspec  is  either  a  signal  name
              defined  in  <signal.h>,  or  a signal number.  Signal names are
              case insensitive and the SIG prefix is optional.

              If a sigspec is EXIT (0) the command arg  is  executed  on  exit
              from  the shell.  If a sigspec is DEBUG, the command arg is exe‐
              cuted before every simple command, for  command,  case  command,
              select  command,  every  arithmetic  for command, and before the
              first command executes in a shell function  (see  SHELL  GRAMMAR
              above).   Refer to the description of the extdebug option to the
              shopt builtin for details of its effect on the DEBUG trap.  If a
              sigspec is RETURN, the command arg is executed each time a shell
              function or a script executed with the . or source builtins fin‐
              ishes executing.

              If  a  sigspec  is  ERR,  the command arg is executed whenever a
              pipeline (which may consist of a single simple command), a list,
              or a compound command returns a non-zero exit status, subject to
              the following conditions.  The ERR trap is not executed  if  the
              failed command is part of the command list immediately following
              a while or until keyword, part of the test in an  if  statement,
              part of a command executed in a && or || list except the command
              following the final && or ||, any command in a pipeline but  the
              last,  or  if the command's return value is being inverted using
              !.  These are the same conditions obeyed  by  the  errexit  (-e)
              option.

              Signals  ignored  upon  entry  to the shell cannot be trapped or
              reset.  Trapped signals that are not being ignored are reset  to
              their original values in a subshell or subshell environment when
              one is created.  The return status is false if  any  sigspec  is
              invalid; otherwise trap returns true.

       type [-aftpP] name [name ...]
              With  no options, indicate how each name would be interpreted if
              used as a command name.  If the -t option is used, type prints a
              string  which  is  one  of alias, keyword, function, builtin, or
              file if  name  is  an  alias,  shell  reserved  word,  function,
              builtin,  or disk file, respectively.  If the name is not found,
              then nothing  is  printed,  and  an  exit  status  of  false  is
              returned.   If  the  -p  option is used, type either returns the
              name of the disk file that would be executed if name were speci‐
              fied as a command name, or nothing if ``type -t name'' would not
              return file.  The -P option forces a PATH search for each  name,
              even if ``type -t name'' would not return file.  If a command is
              hashed, -p and -P print the hashed value, which is not necessar‐
              ily  the  file  that appears first in PATH.  If the -a option is
              used, type prints all of the places that contain  an  executable
              named name.  This includes aliases and functions, if and only if
              the -p option is not also used.  The table of hashed commands is
              not  consulted  when  using  -a.  The -f option suppresses shell
              function lookup, as with the command builtin.  type returns true
              if all of the arguments are found, false if any are not found.

       ulimit [-HSabcdefiklmnpqrstuvxPT [limit]]
              Provides  control  over the resources available to the shell and
              to processes started by it, on systems that allow such  control.
              The -H and -S options specify that the hard or soft limit is set
              for the given resource.  A hard limit cannot be increased  by  a
              non-root  user  once it is set; a soft limit may be increased up
              to the value of the hard limit.  If neither -H nor -S is  speci‐
              fied, both the soft and hard limits are set.  The value of limit
              can be a number in the unit specified for the resource or one of
              the special values hard, soft, or unlimited, which stand for the
              current hard limit,  the  current  soft  limit,  and  no  limit,
              respectively.   If  limit  is  omitted, the current value of the
              soft limit of the resource is printed, unless the -H  option  is
              given.  When more than one resource is specified, the limit name
              and unit are printed before the value.  Other options are inter‐
              preted as follows:
              -a     All current limits are reported
              -b     The maximum socket buffer size
              -c     The maximum size of core files created
              -d     The maximum size of a process's data segment
              -e     The maximum scheduling priority ("nice")
              -f     The  maximum  size  of files written by the shell and its
                     children
              -i     The maximum number of pending signals
              -k     The maximum number of kqueues that may be allocated
              -l     The maximum size that may be locked into memory
              -m     The maximum resident set size (many systems do not  honor
                     this limit)
              -n     The maximum number of open file descriptors (most systems
                     do not allow this value to be set)
              -p     The pipe size in 512-byte blocks (this may not be set)
              -q     The maximum number of bytes in POSIX message queues
              -r     The maximum real-time scheduling priority
              -s     The maximum stack size
              -t     The maximum amount of cpu time in seconds
              -u     The maximum number of processes  available  to  a  single
                     user
              -v     The  maximum  amount  of  virtual memory available to the
                     shell and, on some systems, to its children
              -x     The maximum number of file locks
              -P     The maximum number of pseudoterminals
              -T     The maximum number of threads

              If limit is given, and the -a option is not used, limit  is  the
              new  value  of  the  specified resource.  If no option is given,
              then -f is assumed.  Values are in 1024-byte increments,  except
              for  -t,  which is in seconds; -p, which is in units of 512-byte
              blocks; -P, -T, -b, -k, -n, and -u, which are  unscaled  values;
              and, when in Posix mode, -c and -f, which are in 512-byte incre‐
              ments.  The return status is 0 unless an invalid option or argu‐
              ment is supplied, or an error occurs while setting a new limit.

       umask [-p] [-S] [mode]
              The user file-creation mask is set to mode.  If mode begins with
              a digit, it is interpreted as an octal number; otherwise  it  is
              interpreted  as a symbolic mode mask similar to that accepted by
              chmod(1).  If mode is omitted, the current value of the mask  is
              printed.   The  -S  option causes the mask to be printed in sym‐
              bolic form; the default output is an octal number.   If  the  -p
              option is supplied, and mode is omitted, the output is in a form
              that may be reused as input.  The return status is 0 if the mode
              was  successfully  changed  or if no mode argument was supplied,
              and false otherwise.

       unalias [-a] [name ...]
              Remove each name from the list of defined  aliases.   If  -a  is
              supplied,  all  alias definitions are removed.  The return value
              is true unless a supplied name is not a defined alias.

       unset [-fv] [-n] [name ...]
              For each name, remove the corresponding  variable  or  function.
              If the -v option is given, each name refers to a shell variable,
              and that variable is removed.  Read-only variables  may  not  be
              unset.   If  -f  is specified, each name refers to a shell func‐
              tion, and the function definition is removed.  If the -n  option
              is  supplied, and name is a variable with the nameref attribute,
              name will be unset rather than the variable it  references.   -n
              has  no  effect if the -f option is supplied.  If no options are
              supplied, each name refers to a variable; if there is  no  vari‐
              able  by  that name, any function with that name is unset.  Each
              unset variable or  function  is  removed  from  the  environment
              passed  to subsequent commands.  If any of COMP_WORDBREAKS, RAN‐
              DOM, SECONDS, LINENO, HISTCMD, FUNCNAME, GROUPS, or DIRSTACK are
              unset, they lose their special properties, even if they are sub‐
              sequently reset.  The exit status is true unless a name is read‐
              only.

       wait [-n] [n ...]
              Wait for each specified child process and return its termination
              status.  Each n may be a process ID or a job specification; if a
              job  spec  is  given,  all  processes in that job's pipeline are
              waited for.  If n is not given, all currently active child  pro‐
              cesses are waited for, and the return status is zero.  If the -n
              option is supplied, wait waits for  any  job  to  terminate  and
              returns  its exit status.  If n specifies a non-existent process
              or job, the return status is 127.  Otherwise, the return  status
              is the exit status of the last process or job waited for.
6) Qual é o caminho de busca definido para a sessão de shell atual? (PATH)
/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/games:/usr/local/games:/snap/bin:/home/bcc/740951/.git

7) Inclua o diretório atual na lista dos caminhos de busca. (export PATH=$PATH:.)
/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/games:/usr/local/games:/snap/bin:/home/bcc/740951/.git:/home/bcc/740951/git/UFSCar/2019/SO2

8) Verifique a data da última modificação do arquivo .bashrc em sua área. (man ls)
-rwx------  1 740951 bcc     356 mar 26  2018 .bashrc*

9)Atualize a data de modificação deste arquivo para o instante atual. (man touch)
-rwx------  1 740951 bcc     356 ago 13  2019 .bashrc*

10) Liste de maneira recursiva o conteúdo do diretório /var. (man ls /recursive)
/var:
backups
cache
crash
lib
local
lock
log
mail
metrics
opt
run
snap
spool
tmp

/var/backups:
alternatives.tar.0
alternatives.tar.1.gz
alternatives.tar.2.gz
alternatives.tar.3.gz
alternatives.tar.4.gz
apt.extended_states.0
apt.extended_states.1.gz
apt.extended_states.2.gz
apt.extended_states.3.gz
apt.extended_states.4.gz
apt.extended_states.5.gz
apt.extended_states.6.gz
dpkg.arch.0
dpkg.arch.1.gz
dpkg.arch.2.gz
dpkg.arch.3.gz
dpkg.arch.4.gz
dpkg.arch.5.gz
dpkg.arch.6.gz
dpkg.diversions.0
dpkg.diversions.1.gz
dpkg.diversions.2.gz
dpkg.diversions.3.gz
dpkg.diversions.4.gz
dpkg.diversions.5.gz
dpkg.diversions.6.gz
dpkg.statoverride.0
dpkg.statoverride.1.gz
dpkg.statoverride.2.gz
dpkg.statoverride.3.gz
dpkg.statoverride.4.gz
dpkg.statoverride.5.gz
dpkg.statoverride.6.gz
dpkg.status.0
dpkg.status.1.gz
dpkg.status.2.gz
dpkg.status.3.gz
dpkg.status.4.gz
dpkg.status.5.gz
dpkg.status.6.gz
group.bak
gshadow.bak
passwd.bak
shadow.bak

/var/cache:
apparmor
app-info
apt
cracklib
cups
debconf
dictionaries-common
fontconfig
gdm
ldconfig
man
motd-news
nscd
PackageKit
postgresql
snapd
ubuntu-advantage-tools

/var/cache/apparmor:
snap.code.code
snap.code.url-handler
snap-confine.core.7396
snap.core.hook.configure
snap.eclipse.eclipse
snap.gnome-calculator.gnome-calculator
snap.gnome-characters.gnome-characters
snap.gnome-logs.gnome-logs
snap.gnome-system-monitor.gnome-system-monitor
snap-update-ns.code
snap-update-ns.core
snap-update-ns.eclipse
snap-update-ns.gnome-calculator
snap-update-ns.gnome-characters
snap-update-ns.gnome-logs
snap-update-ns.gnome-system-monitor

/var/cache/app-info:
gv
xmls

/var/cache/app-info/gv:
C.gvz
pt_BR.gvz

/var/cache/app-info/xmls:

/var/cache/apt:
archives
pkgcache.bin
srcpkgcache.bin

/var/cache/apt/archives:
apport_2.20.9-0ubuntu7.7_all.deb
apport-gtk_2.20.9-0ubuntu7.7_all.deb
aptdaemon_1.1.1+bzr982-0ubuntu19.1_all.deb
aptdaemon-data_1.1.1+bzr982-0ubuntu19.1_all.deb
base-files_10.1ubuntu2.5_amd64.deb
bash_4.4.18-2ubuntu1.2_amd64.deb
bind9-host_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
bzip2_1.0.6-8.1ubuntu0.2_amd64.deb
bzip2-doc_1.0.6-8.1ubuntu0.2_all.deb
dmeventd_2%3a1.02.145-4.1ubuntu3.18.04.1_amd64.deb
dmsetup_2%3a1.02.145-4.1ubuntu3.18.04.1_amd64.deb
dnsutils_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
evince_3.28.4-0ubuntu1.2_amd64.deb
evince-common_3.28.4-0ubuntu1.2_all.deb
firefox_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
firefox-locale-de_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
firefox-locale-en_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
firefox-locale-es_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
firefox-locale-fr_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
firefox-locale-it_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
firefox-locale-pt_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
firefox-locale-ru_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
firefox-locale-zh-hans_68.0+build3-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
fonts-noto-cjk_1%3a20190409+repack1-0ubuntu0.18.04_all.deb
fonts-opensymbol_2%3a102.10+LibO6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
fonts-opensymbol_2%3a102.10+LibO6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
friendly-recovery_0.2.38ubuntu1.1_all.deb
gir1.2-gnomedesktop-3.0_3.28.2-0ubuntu1.5_amd64.deb
gir1.2-gtk-3.0_3.22.30-1ubuntu4_amd64.deb
gnome-desktop3-data_3.28.2-0ubuntu1.5_all.deb
gnome-settings-daemon_3.28.1-0ubuntu1.3_amd64.deb
gnome-settings-daemon-schemas_3.28.1-0ubuntu1.3_all.deb
gstreamer1.0-gtk3_1.14.4-1ubuntu1~ubuntu18.04.1_amd64.deb
gstreamer1.0-pulseaudio_1.14.4-1ubuntu1~ubuntu18.04.1_amd64.deb
gtk-update-icon-cache_3.22.30-1ubuntu4_amd64.deb
gvfs_1.36.1-0ubuntu1.3.3_amd64.deb
gvfs-backends_1.36.1-0ubuntu1.3.3_amd64.deb
gvfs-bin_1.36.1-0ubuntu1.3.3_amd64.deb
gvfs-common_1.36.1-0ubuntu1.3.3_all.deb
gvfs-daemons_1.36.1-0ubuntu1.3.3_amd64.deb
gvfs-fuse_1.36.1-0ubuntu1.3.3_amd64.deb
gvfs-libs_1.36.1-0ubuntu1.3.3_amd64.deb
imagemagick-6-common_8%3a6.9.7.4+dfsg-16ubuntu6.7_all.deb
imagemagick-6.q16_8%3a6.9.7.4+dfsg-16ubuntu6.7_amd64.deb
imagemagick_8%3a6.9.7.4+dfsg-16ubuntu6.7_amd64.deb
intel-microcode_3.20190618.0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
iputils-arping_3%3a20161105-1ubuntu3_amd64.deb
iputils-ping_3%3a20161105-1ubuntu3_amd64.deb
iputils-tracepath_3%3a20161105-1ubuntu3_amd64.deb
language-pack-en_1%3a18.04+20190718_all.deb
language-pack-gnome-en_1%3a18.04+20190718_all.deb
language-selector-common_0.188.3_all.deb
language-selector-gnome_0.188.3_all.deb
libbind9-160_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
libbz2-1.0_1.0.6-8.1ubuntu0.2_amd64.deb
libbz2-dev_1.0.6-8.1ubuntu0.2_amd64.deb
libdevmapper1.02.1_2%3a1.02.145-4.1ubuntu3.18.04.1_amd64.deb
libdevmapper-event1.02.1_2%3a1.02.145-4.1ubuntu3.18.04.1_amd64.deb
libdns1100_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
libdns-export1100_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
libegl1-mesa_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libegl-mesa0_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libevdocument3-4_3.28.4-0ubuntu1.2_amd64.deb
libevview3-3_3.28.4-0ubuntu1.2_amd64.deb
libexiv2-14_0.25-3.1ubuntu0.18.04.3_amd64.deb
libexpat1_2.2.5-3ubuntu0.1_amd64.deb
libgail-3-0_3.22.30-1ubuntu4_amd64.deb
libgbm1_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libgl1-mesa-dev_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libgl1-mesa-dri_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libgl1-mesa-glx_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libglapi-mesa_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libglib2.0-0_2.56.4-0ubuntu0.18.04.4_amd64.deb
libglib2.0-bin_2.56.4-0ubuntu0.18.04.4_amd64.deb
libglib2.0-data_2.56.4-0ubuntu0.18.04.4_all.deb
libglib2.0-dev_2.56.4-0ubuntu0.18.04.4_amd64.deb
libglib2.0-dev-bin_2.56.4-0ubuntu0.18.04.4_amd64.deb
libglx-mesa0_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libgnome-desktop-3-17_3.28.2-0ubuntu1.5_amd64.deb
libgtk-3-0_3.22.30-1ubuntu4_amd64.deb
libgtk-3-bin_3.22.30-1ubuntu4_amd64.deb
libgtk-3-common_3.22.30-1ubuntu4_all.deb
libirs160_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
libisc169_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
libisccc160_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
libisccfg160_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
libisc-export169_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
liblvm2cmd2.02_2.02.176-4.1ubuntu3.18.04.1_amd64.deb
liblwres160_1%3a9.11.3+dfsg-1ubuntu1.8_amd64.deb
libmagickcore-6.q16-3_8%3a6.9.7.4+dfsg-16ubuntu6.7_amd64.deb
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra_8%3a6.9.7.4+dfsg-16ubuntu6.7_amd64.deb
libmagickwand-6.q16-3_8%3a6.9.7.4+dfsg-16ubuntu6.7_amd64.deb
libnss3_2%3a3.35-2ubuntu2.3_amd64.deb
libnss-myhostname_237-3ubuntu10.24_amd64.deb
libnss-systemd_237-3ubuntu10.24_amd64.deb
libpam-systemd_237-3ubuntu10.24_amd64.deb
libpoppler73_0.62.0-2ubuntu2.9_amd64.deb
libpoppler-glib8_0.62.0-2ubuntu2.9_amd64.deb
libpq5_10.9-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
libreoffice_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-avmedia-backend-gstreamer_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-base_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-base-core_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-base-drivers_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-calc_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-common_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-common_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-core_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-draw_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-gnome_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-gtk3_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-help-de_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-help-en-gb_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-help-en-us_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-help-es_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-help-fr_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-help-it_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-help-pt_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-help-pt-br_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-impress_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-java-common_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-l10n-de_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-l10n-en-gb_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-l10n-es_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-l10n-fr_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-l10n-it_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-l10n-pt_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-l10n-pt-br_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-l10n-ru_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-librelogo_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-math_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-nlpsolver_0.9+LibO6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-pdfimport_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-report-builder_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-report-builder-bin_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-script-provider-bsh_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-script-provider-js_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-script-provider-python_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-sdbc-firebird_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-sdbc-mysql_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-sdbc-postgresql_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libreoffice-style-breeze_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-style-colibre_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-style-elementary_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-style-galaxy_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-style-tango_1%3a6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_all.deb
libreoffice-style-tango_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-wiki-publisher_1.2.0+LibO6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_all.deb
libreoffice-writer_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
libsane1_1.0.27-1~experimental3ubuntu2.1_amd64.deb
libsane-common_1.0.27-1~experimental3ubuntu2.1_all.deb
libsqlite3-0_3.22.0-1ubuntu0.1_amd64.deb
libssl1.1_1.1.1-1ubuntu2.1~18.04.4_amd64.deb
libsysmetrics1_1.3.2_amd64.deb
libsystemd0_237-3ubuntu10.24_amd64.deb
libudev1_237-3ubuntu10.24_amd64.deb
libwavpack1_5.1.0-2ubuntu1.4_amd64.deb
libwayland-egl1-mesa_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
libwhoopsie0_0.2.62ubuntu0.1_amd64.deb
libxatracker2_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
linux-firmware_1.173.8_all.deb
linux-generic-hwe-18.04_4.18.0.25.74_amd64.deb
linux-headers-4.18.0-25_4.18.0-25.26~18.04.1_all.deb
linux-headers-4.18.0-25-generic_4.18.0-25.26~18.04.1_amd64.deb
linux-headers-generic-hwe-18.04_4.18.0.25.74_amd64.deb
linux-image-4.18.0-25-generic_4.18.0-25.26~18.04.1_amd64.deb
linux-image-generic-hwe-18.04_4.18.0.25.74_amd64.deb
linux-libc-dev_4.15.0-55.60_amd64.deb
linux-modules-4.18.0-25-generic_4.18.0-25.26~18.04.1_amd64.deb
linux-modules-extra-4.18.0-25-generic_4.18.0-25.26~18.04.1_amd64.deb
lock
mesa-common-dev_19.0.2-1ubuntu1.1~18.04.2_amd64.deb
mysql-client_5.7.27-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_all.deb
mysql-client-5.7_5.7.27-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
mysql-client-core-5.7_5.7.27-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
mysql-server_5.7.27-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_all.deb
mysql-server-5.7_5.7.27-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
mysql-server-core-5.7_5.7.27-0ubuntu0.18.04.1_amd64.deb
openssl_1.1.1-1ubuntu2.1~18.04.4_amd64.deb
partial
pgadmin4_4.11-1.pgdg18.04+1_amd64.deb
pgadmin4-common_4.11-1.pgdg18.04+1_all.deb
pgadmin4-doc_4.11-1.pgdg18.04+1_all.deb
policykit-desktop-privileges_0.20ubuntu18.04.1_all.deb
poppler-utils_0.62.0-2ubuntu2.9_amd64.deb
postgresql-10_10.9-1.pgdg18.04+1_amd64.deb
postgresql-client-10_10.9-1.pgdg18.04+1_amd64.deb
postgresql-client-common_203.pgdg18.04+1_all.deb
postgresql-common_203.pgdg18.04+1_all.deb
python3-apport_2.20.9-0ubuntu7.7_all.deb
python3-aptdaemon_1.1.1+bzr982-0ubuntu19.1_all.deb
python3-aptdaemon.gtk3widgets_1.1.1+bzr982-0ubuntu19.1_all.deb
python3-distupgrade_1%3a18.04.34_all.deb
python3-problem-report_2.20.9-0ubuntu7.7_all.deb
python3-uno_1%3a6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
sane-utils_1.0.27-1~experimental3ubuntu2.1_amd64.deb
swi-prolog_8.0.3-1-gcbd8b3b92-bionicppa2_amd64.deb
swi-prolog-nox_8.0.3-1-gcbd8b3b92-bionicppa2_amd64.deb
swi-prolog-x_8.0.3-1-gcbd8b3b92-bionicppa2_amd64.deb
systemd_237-3ubuntu10.24_amd64.deb
systemd-sysv_237-3ubuntu10.24_amd64.deb
tzdata_2019b-0ubuntu0.18.04_all.deb
ubuntu-minimal_1.417.2_amd64.deb
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core_1%3a18.04.34_all.deb
ubuntu-release-upgrader-gtk_1%3a18.04.34_all.deb
ubuntu-report_1.3.2_amd64.deb
ubuntu-standard_1.417.2_amd64.deb
udev_237-3ubuntu10.24_amd64.deb
uno-libs3_6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_amd64.deb
uno-libs3_6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
ure_6.0.7-0ubuntu0.18.04.8_amd64.deb
ure_6.2.5-0ubuntu0.18.04.1~lo1_amd64.deb
usb-creator-common_0.3.5ubuntu18.04.1_amd64.deb
whoopsie_0.2.62ubuntu0.1_amd64.deb

/var/cache/cracklib:
cracklib_dict.hwm
cracklib_dict.pwd
cracklib_dict.pwi
src-dicts

/var/cache/debconf:
config.dat
config.dat-old
passwords.dat
templates.dat
templates.dat-old

/var/cache/dictionaries-common:
aspell.db
emacsen-ispell-default.el
emacsen-ispell-dicts.el
hunspell.db
ispell.db
ispell-dicts-list.txt
jed-ispell-dicts.sl
sqspell.php
wordlist.db
wordlist-default

/var/cache/fontconfig:
04aabc0a78ac019cf9454389977116d2-le64.cache-6
04aabc0a78ac019cf9454389977116d2-le64.cache-7
087e1975ba9a574b140bb1df193bf770-le64.cache-6
087e1975ba9a574b140bb1df193bf770-le64.cache-7
0bd3dc0958fa2205aaaa8ebb13e2872b-le64.cache-6
0bd3dc0958fa2205aaaa8ebb13e2872b-le64.cache-7
0c9eb80ebd1c36541ebe2852d3bb0c49-le64.cache-6
0c9eb80ebd1c36541ebe2852d3bb0c49-le64.cache-7
0d8c3b2ac0904cb8a57a757ad11a4a08-le64.cache-6
0d8c3b2ac0904cb8a57a757ad11a4a08-le64.cache-7
14a5e22175779b556eaa434240950366-le64.cache-6
14a5e22175779b556eaa434240950366-le64.cache-7
16c2fda60d1b4b719f4b3d06fd951d25-le64.cache-6
16c2fda60d1b4b719f4b3d06fd951d25-le64.cache-7
188ac73a183f12857f63bb60a4a6d603-le64.cache-6
188ac73a183f12857f63bb60a4a6d603-le64.cache-7
1ac9eb803944fde146138c791f5cc56a-le64.cache-6
1ac9eb803944fde146138c791f5cc56a-le64.cache-7
1c2c2997deddd45e0296fa5a60917b7d-le64.cache-6
1c2c2997deddd45e0296fa5a60917b7d-le64.cache-7
2171a34dccabdb6bcbbc728186263178-le64.cache-6
2171a34dccabdb6bcbbc728186263178-le64.cache-7
22368d551a680bfe5a62c02760edf4ea-le64.cache-6
22368d551a680bfe5a62c02760edf4ea-le64.cache-7
2300eef321c393bfd76478a5c0e95b23-le64.cache-6
2300eef321c393bfd76478a5c0e95b23-le64.cache-7
246184dc75a16901ca37d96895904249-le64.cache-6
246184dc75a16901ca37d96895904249-le64.cache-7
2bae36bb929c5b1290cc66cecf2b11b0-le64.cache-6
2bae36bb929c5b1290cc66cecf2b11b0-le64.cache-7
3047814df9a2f067bd2d96a2b9c36e5a-le64.cache-6
3047814df9a2f067bd2d96a2b9c36e5a-le64.cache-7
32b6488e5b8292a2e95c79d947e009e8-le64.cache-6
32b6488e5b8292a2e95c79d947e009e8-le64.cache-7
370e5b74bf5dafc30834de68e24a87a4-le64.cache-6
370e5b74bf5dafc30834de68e24a87a4-le64.cache-7
3830d5c3ddfd5cd38a049b759396e72e-le64.cache-6
3830d5c3ddfd5cd38a049b759396e72e-le64.cache-7
3f589640d34b7dc9042c8d453f7c8b9c-le64.cache-6
3f589640d34b7dc9042c8d453f7c8b9c-le64.cache-7
3f7329c5293ffd510edef78f73874cfd-le64.cache-6
3f7329c5293ffd510edef78f73874cfd-le64.cache-7
4794a0821666d79190d59a36cb4f44b5-le64.cache-6
4794a0821666d79190d59a36cb4f44b5-le64.cache-7
49f0de54bdd920fe4f0dfd4cbac43e6b-le64.cache-6
49f0de54bdd920fe4f0dfd4cbac43e6b-le64.cache-7
4b14b093aebc79c320de5e86ae1d3314-le64.cache-6
4b14b093aebc79c320de5e86ae1d3314-le64.cache-7
4b2eda6bb976bda485cb2176619421d5-le64.cache-6
4b2eda6bb976bda485cb2176619421d5-le64.cache-7
4c599c202bc5c08e2d34565a40eac3b2-le64.cache-6
4c599c202bc5c08e2d34565a40eac3b2-le64.cache-7
4d9c95eba1cb85bbcf2878543262124a-le64.cache-6
4d9c95eba1cb85bbcf2878543262124a-le64.cache-7
4f3e3037c9980c83b53a9351efadef62-le64.cache-6
4f3e3037c9980c83b53a9351efadef62-le64.cache-7
53d14c92082a93e67d5078324eb314ca-le64.cache-6
53d14c92082a93e67d5078324eb314ca-le64.cache-7
550f3886151c940c12a5ed35f6a00586-le64.cache-6
550f3886151c940c12a5ed35f6a00586-le64.cache-7
551ecf3b0e8b0bca0f25c0944f561853-le64.cache-6
551ecf3b0e8b0bca0f25c0944f561853-le64.cache-7
564b2e68ac9bc4e36a6f7f6d6125ec1c-le64.cache-6
564b2e68ac9bc4e36a6f7f6d6125ec1c-le64.cache-7
56cf4f4769d0f4abc89a4895d7bd3ae1-le64.cache-6
56cf4f4769d0f4abc89a4895d7bd3ae1-le64.cache-7
573ec803664ed168555e0e8b6d0f0c7f-le64.cache-6
573ec803664ed168555e0e8b6d0f0c7f-le64.cache-7
57e423e26b20ab21d0f2f29c145174c3-le64.cache-6
57e423e26b20ab21d0f2f29c145174c3-le64.cache-7
589f83ef4c36d296ce6e1c846f468f08-le64.cache-6
589f83ef4c36d296ce6e1c846f468f08-le64.cache-7
62a296f92cd800a49657533f3dfe810f-le64.cache-6
62a296f92cd800a49657533f3dfe810f-le64.cache-7
6333f38776742d18e214673cd2c24e34-le64.cache-6
6333f38776742d18e214673cd2c24e34-le64.cache-7
660208299946a285a940457d1287da33-le64.cache-6
660208299946a285a940457d1287da33-le64.cache-7
674d1711f2d1d2a09646eb0bdcadee49-le64.cache-6
674d1711f2d1d2a09646eb0bdcadee49-le64.cache-7
6afa1bb216ce958c1589e297e8008489-le64.cache-6
6afa1bb216ce958c1589e297e8008489-le64.cache-7
6b2c5944714ca7831b25bed9e85cb5c8-le64.cache-6
6b2c5944714ca7831b25bed9e85cb5c8-le64.cache-7
707971e003b4ae6c8121c3a920e507f5-le64.cache-6
707971e003b4ae6c8121c3a920e507f5-le64.cache-7
767a8244fc0220cfb567a839d0392e0b-le64.cache-6
767a8244fc0220cfb567a839d0392e0b-le64.cache-7
7ef2298fde41cc6eeb7af42e48b7d293-le64.cache-6
7ef2298fde41cc6eeb7af42e48b7d293-le64.cache-7
85e0a52ce643a7ba2ae53e5d6949cead-le64.cache-6
85e0a52ce643a7ba2ae53e5d6949cead-le64.cache-7
8a687c406b77f27d99abfeeba937fcce-le64.cache-6
8a687c406b77f27d99abfeeba937fcce-le64.cache-7
93a229ddef8289df64ac13624924bd14-le64.cache-6
93a229ddef8289df64ac13624924bd14-le64.cache-7
945677eb7aeaf62f1d50efc3fb3ec7d8-le64.cache-6
945677eb7aeaf62f1d50efc3fb3ec7d8-le64.cache-7
95530828ff6c81d309f8258d8d02a23e-le64.cache-6
95530828ff6c81d309f8258d8d02a23e-le64.cache-7
9b89f8e3dae116d678bbf48e5f21f69b-le64.cache-6
9b89f8e3dae116d678bbf48e5f21f69b-le64.cache-7
9d2451b1fd30e5bffe8383fd27c35478-le64.cache-6
9d2451b1fd30e5bffe8383fd27c35478-le64.cache-7
a48eab177a16e4f3713381162db2f3e9-le64.cache-6
a48eab177a16e4f3713381162db2f3e9-le64.cache-7
aec30016f93e1b46d1a973dce0d74068-le64.cache-6
aec30016f93e1b46d1a973dce0d74068-le64.cache-7
b47c4e1ecd0709278f4910c18777a504-le64.cache-6
b47c4e1ecd0709278f4910c18777a504-le64.cache-7
b872e6e592da6075ffa4ab0a1fcc0c75-le64.cache-6
b872e6e592da6075ffa4ab0a1fcc0c75-le64.cache-7
b9d506c9ac06c20b433354fa67a72993-le64.cache-6
b9d506c9ac06c20b433354fa67a72993-le64.cache-7
bab58bb527bb656aaa9f116d68a48d89-le64.cache-6
bab58bb527bb656aaa9f116d68a48d89-le64.cache-7
bbd3eebb6912613e2596f2fd46535a95-le64.cache-6
bbd3eebb6912613e2596f2fd46535a95-le64.cache-7
c277e94e32b20404286a1ddafa5a80f0-le64.cache-6
c277e94e32b20404286a1ddafa5a80f0-le64.cache-7
c4f8cd936e32aa63d90660cbbf4d74a0-le64.cache-6
c4f8cd936e32aa63d90660cbbf4d74a0-le64.cache-7
c5c45a61289222e0d30b1a26ef4effbe-le64.cache-6
c5c45a61289222e0d30b1a26ef4effbe-le64.cache-7
c855463f699352c367813e37f3f70ea7-le64.cache-6
c855463f699352c367813e37f3f70ea7-le64.cache-7
cabbd14511b9e8a55e92af97fb3a0461-le64.cache-6
cabbd14511b9e8a55e92af97fb3a0461-le64.cache-7
CACHEDIR.TAG
cba07694886bf8bbc441deea9dc5842f-le64.cache-6
cba07694886bf8bbc441deea9dc5842f-le64.cache-7
cdd862819a105ebd84444cb99c7fc194-le64.cache-6
cdd862819a105ebd84444cb99c7fc194-le64.cache-7
d3e5c4ee2ceb1fc347f91d4cefc53bc0-le64.cache-6
d3e5c4ee2ceb1fc347f91d4cefc53bc0-le64.cache-7
d5178ab6d91b49bf20a416737dcea9e8-le64.cache-6
d5178ab6d91b49bf20a416737dcea9e8-le64.cache-7
d52a8644073d54c13679302ca1180695-le64.cache-6
d52a8644073d54c13679302ca1180695-le64.cache-7
d589a48862398ed80a3d6066f4f56f4c-le64.cache-6
d589a48862398ed80a3d6066f4f56f4c-le64.cache-7
d82eb4fd963d448e2fcb7d7b793b5df3-le64.cache-6
d82eb4fd963d448e2fcb7d7b793b5df3-le64.cache-7
dc05db6664285cc2f12bf69c139ae4c3-le64.cache-6
dc05db6664285cc2f12bf69c139ae4c3-le64.cache-7
de156ccd2eddbdc19d37a45b8b2aac9c-le64.cache-6
de156ccd2eddbdc19d37a45b8b2aac9c-le64.cache-7
def309198bfa603429122923fa2bb2d4-le64.cache-6
def309198bfa603429122923fa2bb2d4-le64.cache-7
e0c1a6ba06fd9ea781faace1ebc0ffdd-le64.cache-6
e0c1a6ba06fd9ea781faace1ebc0ffdd-le64.cache-7
e13b20fdb08344e0e664864cc2ede53d-le64.cache-6
e13b20fdb08344e0e664864cc2ede53d-le64.cache-7
e49e89034d371f0f9de17aab02136486-le64.cache-6
e49e89034d371f0f9de17aab02136486-le64.cache-7
e52a45a1c8c8fe895fc0fc8c4e6999b8-le64.cache-6
e52a45a1c8c8fe895fc0fc8c4e6999b8-le64.cache-7
f1f2465696798768e9653f19e17ccdc8-le64.cache-6
f1f2465696798768e9653f19e17ccdc8-le64.cache-7
f259c2cffa685e28062317905db73c4a-le64.cache-6
f259c2cffa685e28062317905db73c4a-le64.cache-7
f6d4eedfaab2589bde49f7a3ff831d22-le64.cache-6
f6d4eedfaab2589bde49f7a3ff831d22-le64.cache-7
f6e6e0a5c3d2f6ae0c0c2e0ecd42a997-le64.cache-6
f6e6e0a5c3d2f6ae0c0c2e0ecd42a997-le64.cache-7
fe547fea3a41b43a38975d292a2b19c7-le64.cache-6
fe547fea3a41b43a38975d292a2b19c7-le64.cache-7

/var/cache/gdm:

/var/cache/man:
CACHEDIR.TAG
cat1
cat2
cat3
cat4
cat5
cat6
cat7
cat8
cs
da
de
es
fi
fr
fr.ISO8859-1
fr.UTF-8
hr
hu
id
index.db
it
ja
ko
nl
oldlocal
pl
pt
pt_BR
ro
ru
sk
sl
sr
sv
tr
vi
zh
zh_CN
zh_TW

/var/cache/man/cat1:

/var/cache/man/cat2:

/var/cache/man/cat3:

/var/cache/man/cat4:

/var/cache/man/cat5:

/var/cache/man/cat6:

/var/cache/man/cat7:

/var/cache/man/cat8:

/var/cache/man/cs:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/da:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/de:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/es:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/fi:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/fr:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/fr.ISO8859-1:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/fr.UTF-8:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/hr:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/hu:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/id:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/it:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/ja:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/ko:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/nl:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/oldlocal:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/pl:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/pt:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/pt_BR:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/ro:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/ru:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/sk:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/sl:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/sr:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/sv:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/tr:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/vi:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/zh:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/zh_CN:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/man/zh_TW:
CACHEDIR.TAG
index.db

/var/cache/nscd:
group
hosts
passwd
services

/var/cache/PackageKit:
downloads

/var/cache/PackageKit/downloads:

/var/cache/postgresql:
dicts

/var/cache/postgresql/dicts:
en_us.affix
en_us.dict

/var/cache/snapd:
aux
commands.db
names
sections

/var/cache/snapd/aux:
99T7MUlRhtI3U0QFgl5mXXESAiSwt776.json
9BTClmjz31r0UltmbJ5nnGe0Xm1AzfMp.json
CSO04Jhav2yK0uz97cr0ipQRyqg0qQL6.json
Ht0aUHi7ofh9Fbwh6m7jUN2pAy6kzBiu.json
J8OcDPQ0JM8dbvk29HRqpWVI9kBw0atG.json
jZLfBRzf1cYlYysIjD2bwSzNtngY0qit.json
kIMfmZTJspWa8vtfbgU3W9Nbv4V5Qgmh.json
NmbO4ZEgTCbugdJuIMrIio0LXczdU5WN.json
qJcS3UjpF9AMJKWAiKwA5EWbm0y6Uduw.json
QzFGHW76hR3cZjpcuHt4sAjj5KZbd05T.json
TKv5Fm000l4XiUYJW9pjWHLkCPlDbIg1.json

/var/cache/ubuntu-advantage-tools:
ubuntu-advantage-status.cache

/var/crash:

/var/lib:
AccountsService
acpi-support
alsa
app-info
apt
aspell
avahi-autoipd
binfmts
bluetooth
boltd
colord
command-not-found
dbus
dhcp
dictionaries-common
dpkg
emacsen-common
fwupd
fwupdate
gconf
gdm3
geoclue
ghostscript
git
grub
hp
initramfs-tools
ispell
libnss-ldap
libreoffice
libxml-sax-perl
locales
logrotate
man-db
misc
mlocate
mysql
mysql-files
mysql-keyring
mysql-upgrade
nfs
os-prober
PackageKit
pam
plymouth
polkit-1
postgresql
private
python
sgml-base
snapd
snmp
sudo
systemd
ubiquity
ubuntu-drivers-common
ubuntu-release-upgrader
ucf
udisks2
update-manager
update-notifier
upower
ureadahead
usb_modeswitch
usbutils
vim
whoopsie
xfonts
xkb
xml-core

/var/lib/AccountsService:
icons
users

/var/lib/AccountsService/icons:

/var/lib/AccountsService/users:
740951
757665
administrador
gdm
gteste

/var/lib/acpi-support:

/var/lib/alsa:
asound.state

/var/lib/app-info:
icons
yaml

/var/lib/app-info/icons:
ubuntu-bionic-backports-universe
ubuntu-bionic-main
ubuntu-bionic-multiverse
ubuntu-bionic-security-main
ubuntu-bionic-security-multiverse
ubuntu-bionic-security-universe
ubuntu-bionic-universe
ubuntu-bionic-updates-main
ubuntu-bionic-updates-multiverse
ubuntu-bionic-updates-universe

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-backports-universe:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-backports-universe/48x48:

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-backports-universe/64x64:

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-main:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-main/48x48:
aisleriot_gnome-aisleriot.png
baobab_baobab.png
cheese_org.gnome.Cheese.png
deja-dup_org.gnome.DejaDup.png
devhelp_devhelp.png
emacs25_emacs25.png
evince_evince.png
file-roller_file-roller.png
gedit_gedit.png
gnome-calculator_gnome-calculator.png
gnome-calendar_org.gnome.Calendar.png
gnome-characters_gnome-characters.png
gnome-control-center_gnome-control-center.png
gnome-disk-utility_gnome-disks.png
gnome-font-viewer_preferences-desktop-font.png
gnome-logs_gnome-logs.png
gnome-mahjongg_gnome-mahjongg.png
gnome-mines_gnome-mines.png
gnome-power-manager_org.gnome.PowerStats.png
gnome-screenshot_applets-screenshooter.png
gnome-software_org.gnome.Software.png
gnome-startup-applications_session-properties.png
gnome-sudoku_gnome-sudoku.png
gnome-system-monitor_utilities-system-monitor.png
gnome-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
gnome-todo_org.gnome.Todo.png
gparted_gparted.png
ibus_ibus-setup.png
libreoffice-calc_libreoffice-calc.png
libreoffice-draw_libreoffice-draw.png
libreoffice-impress_libreoffice-impress.png
libreoffice-math_libreoffice-math.png
libreoffice-writer_libreoffice-writer.png
nautilus_org.gnome.Nautilus.png
network-manager-gnome_preferences-system-network.png
openjdk-11-jre_openjdk-11.png
remmina_remmina.png
rhythmbox_rhythmbox.png
seahorse_seahorse.png
shotwell_shotwell.png
simple-scan_scanner.png
totem_org.gnome.Totem.png
ubiquity-frontend-gtk_ubiquity.png
yelp_help-browser.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-main/64x64:
aisleriot_gnome-aisleriot.png
baobab_baobab.png
cheese_org.gnome.Cheese.png
deja-dup_org.gnome.DejaDup.png
devhelp_devhelp.png
emacs25_emacs25.png
eog_eog.png
evince_evince.png
file-roller_file-roller.png
fonts-lato_lato-blackitalic.png
fonts-lohit-beng-assamese_lohitassamese-regular.png
fonts-lohit-beng-bengali_lohitbengali-regular.png
fonts-lohit-deva_lohitdevanagari-regular.png
fonts-lohit-gujr_lohitgujarati-regular.png
fonts-lohit-guru_lohitgurmukhi-regular.png
fonts-lohit-knda_lohitkannada-regular.png
fonts-lohit-mlym_lohitmalayalam-regular.png
fonts-lohit-orya_lohitodia-regular.png
fonts-lohit-taml-classical_lohittamilclassical-regular.png
fonts-lohit-taml_lohittamil-regular.png
fonts-lohit-telu_lohittelugu-regular.png
gedit_gedit.png
gnome-calculator_gnome-calculator.png
gnome-calendar_org.gnome.Calendar.png
gnome-characters_gnome-characters.png
gnome-control-center_gnome-control-center.png
gnome-disk-utility_gnome-disks.png
gnome-font-viewer_preferences-desktop-font.png
gnome-logs_gnome-logs.png
gnome-mahjongg_gnome-mahjongg.png
gnome-mines_gnome-mines.png
gnome-power-manager_org.gnome.PowerStats.png
gnome-screenshot_applets-screenshooter.png
gnome-software_org.gnome.Software.png
gnome-startup-applications_session-properties.png
gnome-sudoku_gnome-sudoku.png
gnome-system-monitor_utilities-system-monitor.png
gnome-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
gnome-todo_org.gnome.Todo.png
gparted_gparted.png
htop_htop.png
ibus_ibus-setup.png
im-config_input-keyboard.png
language-selector-gnome_preferences-desktop-locale.png
libreoffice-calc_libreoffice-calc.png
libreoffice-common_libreoffice-startcenter.png
libreoffice-draw_libreoffice-draw.png
libreoffice-impress_libreoffice-impress.png
libreoffice-math_libreoffice-math.png
libreoffice-writer_libreoffice-writer.png
nautilus_org.gnome.Nautilus.png
network-manager-gnome_preferences-system-network.png
nvidia-settings_nvidia-settings.png
remmina_remmina.png
rhythmbox_rhythmbox.png
seahorse_seahorse.png
shotwell_shotwell.png
simple-scan_scanner.png
software-properties-gtk_software-properties.png
system-config-printer_printer.png
totem_org.gnome.Totem.png
transmission-gtk_transmission.png
ubiquity-frontend-gtk_ubiquity.png
ubuntu-web-launchers_amazon-store.png
update-manager_system-software-update.png
usb-creator-gtk_usb-creator-gtk.png
vim-common_gvim.png
vim-gui-common_gvim.png
yelp_help-browser.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-multiverse:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-multiverse/48x48:
gns3_gns3.png
hannah-foo2zjs_printer.png
lgeneral_lgeneral.png
nautilus-dropbox_dropbox.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-multiverse/64x64:
arb_arb.png
assaultcube_assaultcube.png
caja-dropbox_caja-dropbox.png
corsix-th_corsix-th.png
cytadela_cytadela.png
d1x-rebirth_d1x-rebirth.png
d2x-rebirth_d2x-rebirth.png
devede_devedeng.png
dosemu_dosemu.png
exult_exult.png
fbzx_fbzx.png
gemrb_gemrb.png
gentle_gentle.png
gfaim_application-default-icon.png
hannah-foo2zjs_printer.png
idjc_idjc.png
jajuk_jajuk.png
lgeneral_lgeneral.png
matlab-support_matlab.png
mythtv-backend_mythtv.png
mythtv-frontend_mythtv.png
nautilus-dropbox_dropbox.png
onionshare_onionshare80.png
openmw-cs_openmw-cs.png
openmw-launcher_openmw.png
opentyrian_opentyrian.png
playonlinux_playonlinux.png
pokemmo-installer_pokemmo-installer.png
pq_pq.png
qcomicbook_qcomicbook.png
quake2_quake2-groundzero.png
quake2_quake2.png
quake2_quake2-reckoning.png
quake3_quake3.png
quake3_quake3-team-arena.png
quake_quake-armagon.png
quake_quake-dissolution.png
quake_quake.png
residualvm_residualvm.png
rocksndiamonds_rocksndiamonds.png
rott_rott.png
runescape_runescape.png
sabnzbdplus_sabnzbdplus.png
sandboxgamemaker_sandboxgamemaker.png
seaview_seaview.png
steam-installer_steam.png
vcmi_vcmiclient.png
virtualbox-qt_virtualbox.png
wolf4sdl_wolf4sdl.png
zangband_zangband.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-main:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-main/48x48:
evince_evince.png
libreoffice-calc_libreoffice-calc.png
libreoffice-draw_libreoffice-draw.png
libreoffice-impress_libreoffice-impress.png
libreoffice-math_libreoffice-math.png
libreoffice-writer_libreoffice-writer.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-main/64x64:
evince_evince.png
libreoffice-calc_libreoffice-calc.png
libreoffice-draw_libreoffice-draw.png
libreoffice-impress_libreoffice-impress.png
libreoffice-math_libreoffice-math.png
libreoffice-writer_libreoffice-writer.png
usb-creator-gtk_usb-creator-gtk.png
vim-common_gvim.png
vim-gui-common_gvim.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-multiverse:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-multiverse/48x48:

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-multiverse/64x64:
virtualbox-qt_virtualbox.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-universe:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-universe/48x48:
avahi-discover_network-wired.png
avahi-ui-utils_network-wired.png
icedtea-netx_javaws.png
libreoffice-base_libreoffice-base.png
openjdk-8-jre_openjdk-8.png
visualvm_visualvm.png
vlc_vlc.png
wpagui_wpa_gui.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-security-universe/64x64:
avahi-discover_network-wired.png
avahi-ui-utils_network-wired.png
chromium-browser_chromium-browser.png
freedink-dfarc_dfarc.png
geogebra_geogebra.png
ggcov_ggcov64.png
icedtea-netx_javaws.png
jabref_JabRef-icon-48.png
jftp_jftp.png
libreoffice-base_libreoffice-base.png
netbeans_netbeans.png
pdfsam_pdfsam.png
scilab-cli_scilab.png
scilab_scilab.png
sigil_sigil.png
sweethome3d_sweethome3d.png
ufraw_ufraw.png
usb-creator-kde_usb-creator-kde.png
visualvm_visualvm.png
vlc_vlc.png
wesnoth-1.12-core_wesnoth-1.12_editor-icon.png
wesnoth-1.12-core_wesnoth-1.12-icon.png
wireshark-gtk_wireshark.png
wireshark-qt_wireshark.png
wpagui_wpa_gui.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-universe:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-universe/48x48:
4pane_4Pane.png
acidrip_acidrip.png
aeskulap_aeskulap.png
aghermann_aghermann.png
aghermann_edfhed-gtk.png
airstrike_airstrike.png
akonadi-import-wizard_kontact-import-wizard.png
akregator_akregator.png
almanah_almanah.png
amarok_amarok.png
amoebax_amoebax.png
anjuta_anjuta.png
apper_system-software-install.png
aranym_aranym.png
ark_ark.png
armagetronad_armagetronad.png
artemis_helix.png
artikulate_artikulate.png
atanks_atanks.png
atril_atril.png
audacious_audacious.png
audacity_audacity.png
avahi-discover_network-wired.png
avahi-ui-utils_network-wired.png
banshee_media-player-banshee.png
barrage_barrage.png
basket_basket.png
bastet_bastet.png
bb_bb.png
berusky2_berusky2.png
bibus_bibus.png
bijiben_org.gnome.bijiben.png
blinken_blinken.png
blockout2_blockout2.png
bluedevil_preferences-system-bluetooth.png
bluefish_bluefish.png
bomber_bomber.png
boomaga_boomaga.png
bossa_bossa.png
bovo_bovo.png
brasero_brasero.png
briquolo_briquolo.png
budgie-core_preferences-desktop.png
bustle_bustle.png
buzztrax_buzztrax.png
caja-eiciel_mate-eiciel.png
caja_system-file-manager.png
calamares_calamares.png
calf-plugins_calf.png
calligrasheets_calligrasheets.png
calligrawords_calligrawords.png
caneda_caneda.png
cantor_cantor.png
cardpeek_cardpeek-logo.png
catfish_catfish.png
caveexpress_caveexpress-icon.png
cavepacker_cavepacker-icon.png
ceferino_ceferino.png
cervisia_cervisia.png
chewing-editor_chewing-editor.png
chromium-bsu_chromium-bsu.png
cinnamon-control-center_cs-online-accounts.png
cinnamon_keyboard.png
cinnamon_preferences-system.png
cinnamon_system-users.png
clementine_clementine.png
clipit_clipit-trayicon.png
cmst_preferences-system-network.png
codeblocks_codeblocks.png
colorhug-client_colorhug-backlight.png
colorhug-client_colorhug-ccmx.png
colorhug-client_colorhug-flash.png
colorhug-client_colorhug-refresh.png
compton_compton.png
compton-conf_preferences-system-windows.png
connectagram_connectagram.png
copyq_copyq.png
corebird_corebird.png
cqrlog_cqrlog.png
critterding_critterding.png
crossfire-client_crossfire-client.png
cultivation_cultivation.png
cutemaze_cutemaze.png
danmaq_danmaQ.png
darktable_darktable.png
datovka_datovka.png
dconf-editor_ca.desrt.dconf-editor.png
dde-calendar_dde-calendar.png
ddnet_DDNet.png
deepin-calculator_deepin-calculator.png
deepin-deb-installer_deepin-deb-installer.png
deepin-image-viewer_deepin-image-viewer.png
deepin-movie_deepin-movie.png
deepin-picker_deepin-picker.png
deepin-screenshot_deepin-screenshot.png
deepin-terminal_deepin-terminal.png
deepin-voice-recorder_deepin-voice-recorder.png
deskscribe_deskscribe.png
deskscribe_mausgrapher.png
dgedit_dgedit.png
dhcpcd-gtk_dhcpcd.png
dhcpcd-qt_dhcpcd.png
dianara_dianara.png
digikam_digikam.png
dispcalgui_displaycal.png
dolphin_system-file-manager.png
dragonplayer_dragonplayer.png
drumkv1_drumkv1.png
drumstick-tools_drumstick.png
dustracing2d_dustrac-editor.png
dustracing2d_dustrac-game.png
dvcs-autosync_dvcs-autosync.png
easytag_easytag.png
eiciel_eiciel.png
eiskaltdcpp-gtk_eiskaltdcpp.png
eiskaltdcpp-qt_eiskaltdcpp.png
emacs25-lucid_emacs25.png
empathy_empathy.png
empire_vms-empire.png
endless-sky_endless-sky.png
engrampa_engrampa.png
entangle_entangle.png
eom_eom.png
epiphany-browser_org.gnome.Epiphany.png
eqonomize_eqonomize.png
evolution_evolution.png
exo-utils_emblem-mail.png
exo-utils_preferences-desktop-default-applications.png
exo-utils_system-file-manager.png
exo-utils_utilities-terminal.png
exo-utils_web-browser.png
falkon_falkon.png
featherpad_featherpad.png
filelight_filelight.png
five-or-more_five-or-more.png
fldigi_flarq.png
fldigi_fldigi.png
flightgear_flightgear.png
fltk1.3-games_flblocks.png
fltk1.3-games_flcheckers.png
fltk1.3-games_flsudoku.png
fluid_fluid.png
focuswriter_focuswriter.png
font-manager_preferences-desktop-font.png
foobillardplus_foobillardplus.png
four-in-a-row_four-in-a-row.png
fprint-demo_fprint_demo.png
fraqtive_fraqtive.png
freeciv-client-extras_freeciv-modpack.png
freeciv-client-gtk3_freeciv-client.png
freeciv-client-gtk_freeciv-client.png
freeciv-client-qt_freeciv-client.png
freeciv-client-sdl_freeciv-client.png
freeciv-server_freeciv-server.png
freedroidrpg_freedroidrpg.png
freedv_freedv.png
freesweep_freesweep.png
frogr_org.gnome.frogr.png
gabedit_gabedit.png
galculator_galculator.png
gamine_gamine.png
gammaray_GammaRay.png
gazebo9_gazebo.png
gcompris-qt_gcompris-qt.png
gcu-bin_gchemtable.png
gddccontrol_gddccontrol.png
geany_geany.png
geary_geary.png
gerbera_gerbera.png
gfsview_application-gerris.png
ghex_ghex.png
gimagereader_gimagereader.png
gimp_gimp.png
gitg_gitg.png
glabels_glabels-3.0.png
glade_glade.png
glogg_glogg.png
glom_glom.png
gmchess_gmchess.png
gmrun_gmrun.png
gnome-2048_gnome-2048.png
gnome-boxes_gnome-boxes.png
gnome-builder_org.gnome.Builder.png
gnome-chess_gnome-chess.png
gnome-clocks_org.gnome.clocks.png
gnome-color-manager_gnome-color-manager.png
gnome-contacts_gnome-contacts.png
gnome-dictionary_accessories-dictionary.png
gnome-documents_org.gnome.Books.png
gnome-documents_org.gnome.Documents.png
gnome-games-app_org.gnome.Games.png
gnome-gmail_gnome-gmail.png
gnome-keysign_gnome-keysign.png
gnome-klotski_gnome-klotski.png
gnome-maps_org.gnome.Maps.png
gnome-mpv_gnome-mpv.png
gnome-multi-writer_org.gnome.MultiWriter.png
gnome-music_org.gnome.Music.png
gnome-nibbles_gnome-nibbles.png
gnome-packagekit_system-software-install.png
gnome-packagekit_system-software-update.png
gnome-photos_org.gnome.Photos.png
gnome-pie_gnome-pie.png
gnome-ppp_gnome-ppp.png
gnome-recipes_org.gnome.Recipes.png
gnome-robots_gnome-robots.png
gnome-sound-recorder_gnome-sound-recorder.png
gnome-system-tools_config-users.png
gnome-system-tools_preferences-system-network.png
gnome-system-tools_time-admin.png
gnome-taquin_gnome-taquin.png
gnome-tetravex_gnome-tetravex.png
gnome-twitch_com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.png
gnome-usage_org.gnome.Usage.png
gnote_gnote.png
gnubg_gnubg.png
gnubik_gnubik.png
gnucash_gnucash-icon.png
gnugo_gnugo48.png
gnumeric_gnumeric.png
gnunet-gtk_gnunet-fs-gtk.png
gnuradio_gnuradio-grc.png
gobby_gobby-0.5.png
goobox_goobox.png
gpaint_gpaint.png
gpaste_edit-paste.png
gperiodic_gperiodic.png
gpick_gpick.png
gpicview_gpicview.png
gpscorrelate-gui_gpscorrelate-gui.png
gqrx-sdr_gqrx.png
granatier_granatier.png
gromit-mpx_gromit-mpx.png
gsmartcontrol_gsmartcontrol.png
gthumb_gthumb.png
gtkatlantic_gtkatlantic.png
gtkhash_gtkhash.png
gtkpod_gtkpod.png
gtranslator_gtranslator.png
guake-indicator_guake-indicator.png
gucharmap_accessories-character-map.png
gwaei_gwaei.png
gwc_gtk-wave-cleaner.png
gwenview_gwenview.png
gxneur_gxneur.png
handbrake_hb-icon.png
heaptrack-gui_heaptrack.png
hex-a-hop_hex-a-hop.png
hexalate_hexalate.png
hexchat_hexchat.png
hitori_org.gnome.Hitori.png
httraqt_httraqt.png
iagno_iagno.png
icebreaker_icebreaker_48.png
inkscape_inkscape.png
iptux_iptux.png
ircp-tray_ircp-tray.png
jedit_jedit.png
jester_jester.png
jovie_preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.png
juk_juk.png
jxplorer_jxplorer.png
k3b_k3b.png
kaccounts-providers_applications-internet.png
kaddressbook_kaddressbook.png
kaffeine_kaffeine.png
kalarm_kalarm.png
kalgebramobile_kalgebra.png
kalzium_kalzium.png
kamoso_kamoso.png
kanagram_kanagram.png
kanatest_kanatest.png
kapman_kapman.png
kapptemplate_kapptemplate.png
karbon_calligrakarbon.png
kate_kate.png
katomic_katomic.png
kbibtex_kbibtex.png
kblackbox_kblackbox.png
kblocks_kblocks.png
kbounce_kbounce.png
kbreakout_kbreakout.png
kbruch_kbruch.png
kcachegrind_kcachegrind.png
kcalc_accessories-calculator.png
kcharselect_accessories-character-map.png
kcolorchooser_kcolorchooser.png
kdeconnect_kdeconnect.png
kdenlive_kdenlive.png
kde-spectacle_spectacle.png
kdevelop_kdevelop.png
kdf_kdf.png
kdf_kwikdisk.png
kdiamond_kdiamond.png
keepassxc_keepassxc.png
keepassx_keepassx.png
keepnote_keepnote.png
kexi_kexi.png
keyboardcast_gnome-dev-keyboard.png
kfind_kfind.png
kfloppy_kfloppy.png
kfourinline_kfourinline.png
kfritz_modem.png
kgoldrunner_kgoldrunner.png
kgpg_kgpg.png
khangman_khangman.png
khelpcenter_help-browser.png
kid3_kid3.png
kid3-qt_kid3-qt.png
kig_kig.png
kigo_kigo.png
kile_kile.png
killbots_killbots.png
kimagemapeditor_kimagemapeditor.png
kinfocenter_hwinfo.png
kirigami-gallery_preferences-desktop-theme.png
kiriki_kiriki.png
kiten_kiten.png
kjots_kjots.png
kjumpingcube_kjumpingcube.png
klatexformula_klatexformula.png
klavaro_klavaro.png
kleopatra_kleopatra.png
klettres_klettres.png
klines_klines.png
kmag_kmag.png
kmahjongg_kmahjongg.png
kmail_kmail.png
kmetronome_kmetronome.png
kmidimon_kmidimon.png
kmines_kmines.png
kmix_kmix.png
kmousetool_kmousetool.png
kmplot_kmplot.png
kmymoney_kmymoney.png
knavalbattle_knavalbattle.png
knetwalk_knetwalk.png
knotes_knotes.png
knutclient_knutclient.png
kolf_kolf.png
kollision_kollision.png
kolourpaint_kolourpaint.png
komparator_komparator4.png
kompare_kompare.png
konquest_konquest.png
konsole_utilities-terminal.png
kontact_kontact.png
konversation_konversation.png
korganizer_korganizer.png
kpat_kpat.png
kphotoalbum_kphotoalbum.png
kphotoalbum_open-raw.png
kradio4_kradio4.png
kraptor_kraptor.png
krb5-auth-dialog_krb-valid-ticket.png
krdc_krdc.png
krecipes_krecipes.png
krename_krename.png
kreversi_kreversi.png
krfb_krfb.png
krita_calligrakrita.png
kronometer_kronometer.png
kruler_kruler.png
krusader_krusader_user.png
kshisen_kshisen.png
kshutdown_kshutdown.png
ksirk_ksirk.png
ksnakeduel_ksnakeduel.png
kspaceduel_kspaceduel.png
ksquares_ksquares.png
kstars_kstars.png
ksudoku_ksudoku.png
ksysguard_utilities-system-monitor.png
kteatime_kteatime.png
ktikz_ktikz.png
ktimer_ktimer.png
ktnef_ktnef.png
ktorrent_ktorrent.png
ktouch_ktouch.png
ktuberling_ktuberling.png
kturtle_kturtle.png
kubrick_kubrick.png
kuiviewer_kuiviewer.png
kup-backup_kup.png
kvirc_kvirc.png
kwalletmanager_kwalletmanager.png
kwave_kwave.png
kwordquiz_kwordquiz.png
kwrite_kwrite.png
kylin-burner_burner.png
labplot_labplot2.png
laby_laby.png
late_late.png
latte-dock_latte-dock.png
leafpad_leafpad.png
libfm-tools_preferences-desktop.png
librecad_librecad.png
libreoffice-base_libreoffice-base.png
libxfce4ui-utils_help-about.png
lifeograph_lifeograph.png
liferea_liferea.png
lightsoff_lightsoff.png
lmarbles_lmarbles.png
lokalize_lokalize.png
lskat_lskat.png
ltrsift_ltrsift.png
lugaru_lugaru.png
luminance-hdr_luminance-hdr.png
lximage-qt_camera-photo.png
lximage-qt_lximage-qt.png
lxqt-about_help-about.png
lxqt-admin_preferences-system.png
lxqt-config_brightnesssettings.png
lxqt-config_input-keyboard.png
lxqt-config_preferences-desktop-display.png
lxqt-config_preferences-desktop-filetype-association.png
lxqt-config_preferences-desktop-locale.png
lxqt-config_preferences-desktop-theme.png
lxqt-config_preferences-system.png
lxqt-globalkeys_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
lxqt-notificationd_preferences-desktop-theme.png
lxqt-powermanagement_preferences-system-power-management.png
lxqt-session_preferences-system-session-services.png
lxqt-session_system-lock-screen.png
lxqt-session_system-log-out.png
lxqt-session_system-reboot.png
lxqt-session_system-shutdown.png
lxqt-session_system-suspend-hibernate.png
lxqt-session_system-suspend.png
lxterminal_lxterminal.png
marble-maps_marble.png
marble_marble.png
marble-qt_marble.png
massif-visualizer_massif-visualizer.png
mate-calc_accessories-calculator.png
mate-control-center_input-mouse.png
mate-control-center_mate-network-properties.png
mate-control-center_mate-preferences-desktop-display.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-accessibility.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-default-applications.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-font.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop.png
mate-control-center_preferences-system-windows.png
mate-control-center_user-info.png
mate-media_multimedia-volume-control.png
mate-notification-daemon_mate-notification-properties.png
mate-power-manager_mate-power-manager.png
mate-power-manager_mate-power-statistics.png
mate-screensaver_preferences-desktop-screensaver.png
mate-session-manager_mate-session-properties.png
mate-system-monitor_utilities-system-monitor.png
mate-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
mate-user-share_folder-remote.png
mate-utils_accessories-dictionary.png
mate-utils_applets-screenshooter.png
mate-utils_mate-disk-usage-analyzer.png
mate-utils_mate-system-log.png
mate-utils_system-search.png
mc_MidnightCommander.png
mediaconch-gui_mediaconch.png
mediainfo-gui_mediainfo.png
medit_medit.png
mednaffe_mednaffe.png
meld_meld.png
mgba-qt_mgba.png
miceamaze_miceamaze.png
milou_nepomuk.png
minitube_minitube.png
minuet_minuet.png
mir-demos_ubuntu-logo.png
modem-manager-gui_modem-manager-gui.png
moserial_moserial.png
mousepad_accessories-text-editor.png
mousetrap_mousetrap.png
munipack-gui_xmunipack.png
muon_muon.png
muse_muse_icon.png
mypaint_mypaint.png
ndisgtk_ndisgtk.png
nemiver_nemiver.png
nemo_folder.png
netpanzer_netpanzer.png
neverball_neverball.png
neverputt_neverputt.png
nheko_nheko.png
nikwi_nikwi.png
nitrogen_nitrogen.png
nitroshare_nitroshare.png
nmapsi4_nmapsi4.png
nm-tray_network-transmit.png
nuntius_nuntius.png
obconf-qt_obconf-qt.png
octave_octave.png
okteta_okteta.png
okular_okular.png
onboard_onboard.png
open-adventure_advent.png
openjdk-8-jre_openjdk-8.png
openorienteering-mapper_Mapper.png
openstereogram_openstereogram.png
openstv_openstv.png
orbital-eunuchs-sniper_orbital-eunuchs-sniper.png
owncloud-client_owncloud.png
padthv1_padthv1.png
pangoterm_utilities-terminal.png
pan_pan.png
paprefs_preferences-desktop.png
parchives_parchives.png
parlatype_com.github.gkarsay.parlatype.png
parley_parley.png
parole_parole.png
partitionmanager_partitionmanager.png
passwordsafe_pwsafe.png
pasystray_pasystray.png
pathogen_pathogen.png
pavucontrol-qt_multimedia-volume-control.png
pcmanfm-qt_system-file-manager.png
pcmanfm-qt_user-desktop.png
peg-e_peg-e.png
pegsolitaire_pegsolitaire.png
pentobi_pentobi.png
peony_system-file-manager.png
peruse_peruse-creator.png
peruse_peruse.png
petris_petris-icon.png
phoronix-test-suite_phoronix-test-suite.png
photoprint_fotoprint.png
picard_picard.png
picmi_picmi.png
pidgin_pidgin.png
pim-data-exporter_kontact.png
pim-sieve-editor_kmail.png
pinot_pinot.png
pioneers_pioneers-server.png
pitivi_pitivi.png
planetblupi_blupi.png
plank_plank.png
plasma-dataengines-addons_utilities-terminal.png
plasma-discover-flatpak-backend_system-software-install.png
plasma-discover_plasmadiscover.png
plasma-discover-snap-backend_system-software-install.png
plasma-discover_system-software-install.png
plasma-mediacenter_plasma-media-center.png
plasma-nm_org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.png
plasma-pa_org.kde.plasma.volume.png
plasma-sdk_cuttlefish.png
plasma-sdk_preferences-desktop-theme.png
plasma-vault_plasmavault.png
plasma-wallpapers-addons_office-calendar.png
plasma-wallpapers-addons_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
plasma-widgets-addons_accessories-calculator.png
plasma-widgets-addons_accessories-dictionary.png
plasma-widgets-addons_clock.png
plasma-widgets-addons_color-picker.png
plasma-widgets-addons_emblem-shared-symbolic.png
plasma-widgets-addons_face-smile-big.png
plasma-widgets-addons_fifteenpuzzle.png
plasma-widgets-addons_image-x-generic.png
plasma-widgets-addons_internet-web-browser.png
plasma-widgets-addons_knotes.png
plasma-widgets-addons_org.kde.plasma.pager.png
plasma-widgets-addons_preferences-desktop-user.png
plasma-widgets-addons_preferences-system-time.png
plasma-widgets-addons_start-here-kde.png
plasma-widgets-addons_user-desktop.png
plasma-widgets-addons_weather-clear.png
plasma-workspace_applications-multimedia.png
plasma-workspace_battery.png
plasma-workspace_cpu.png
plasma-workspace_device-notifier.png
plasma-workspace_drive-harddisk.png
plasma-workspace_folder-image.png
plasma-workspace_klipper.png
plasma-workspace_media-flash.png
plasma-workspace_network-workgroup.png
plasma-workspace_office-calendar.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-color.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-notification.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-system-time.png
plasma-workspace_system-shutdown.png
plasma-workspace_tab-new.png
pluma_accessories-text-editor.png
plume-creator_plume-creator.png
pnmixer_pnmixer.png
poedit_poedit.png
polari_org.gnome.Polari.png
pragha_pragha.png
print-manager_printer.png
psensor_psensor.png
psi_psi.png
pspp_pspp.png
ptask_ptask.png
pulseview_pulseview.png
pumpa_pumpa.png
pybik_pybik.png
pychess_pychess.png
q4wine_q4wine.png
qbittorrent_qbittorrent.png
qelectrotech_qelectrotech.png
qgit_qgit.png
qlipper_qlipper.png
qmidiarp_qmidiarp.png
qmmp_qmmp.png
qmpdclient_qmpdclient.png
qnifti2dicom_qnifti2dicom.png
qps_qps.png
qsampler_qsampler.png
qsapecng_qsapecng.png
qstardict_qstardict.png
qstopmotion_qstopmotion.png
qt5ct_preferences-desktop-theme.png
qtav-players_QtAV.png
qterminal_utilities-terminal.png
qtpass_qtpass-icon.png
qtractor_qtractor.png
qtscrob_qtscrob.png
quadrapassel_quadrapassel.png
quaternion_quaternion.png
quitcount_quitcount.png
qweborf_network-wired.png
qxw_qxw.png
raincat_raincat.png
rapid-photo-downloader_rapid-photo-downloader.png
rawtherapee_rawtherapee.png
r-base-core_rlogo_icon.png
redeclipse_redeclipse.png
regexxer_regexxer.png
repsnapper_repsnapper.png
retroarch_retroarch.png
rhinote_rhinote.png
ring_ring.png
ristretto_ristretto.png
rocs_rocs.png
rosegarden_rosegarden.png
saga_saga.png
samplv1_samplv1.png
scorched3d_scorched3d.png
scribus_scribus.png
seq24_seq24.png
ser-player_ser-player.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-blackbox.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-bridges.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-cube.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-dominosa.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-fifteen.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-filling.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-flip.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-flood.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-galaxies.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-guess.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-inertia.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-keen.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-lightup.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-loopy.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-magnets.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-map.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-mines.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-net.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-netslide.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-palisade.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-pattern.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-pearl.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-pegs.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-range.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-rect.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-samegame.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-signpost.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-singles.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-sixteen.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-slant.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-solo.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-tents.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-towers.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-tracks.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-twiddle.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-undead.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-unequal.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-unruly.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-untangle.png
showfoto_showfoto.png
simplescreenrecorder_simplescreenrecorder.png
sirikali_sirikali.png
siril_siril.png
skanlite_scanner.png
slashtime_slashtime.png
smb4k_smb4k.png
sm_sm.png
solvespace_solvespace.png
sound-juicer_sound-juicer.png
soundkonverter_soundkonverter.png
spacefm-gtk3_spacefm-find.png
spacefm-gtk3_spacefm.png
sparkleshare_sparkleshare.png
spek_spek.png
springlobby_springlobby.png
stellarium_stellarium.png
step_step.png
subtitlecomposer_subtitlecomposer.png
subtitleeditor_subtitleeditor.png
supertransball2_supertransball2.png
supertuxkart_supertuxkart.png
swami_swami.png
sweeper_sweeper.png
swell-foop_swell-foop.png
synapse_synapse.png
syncmaildir-applet_mail-send-receive.png
sync-ui_sync.png
synfigstudio_synfig_icon.png
synthv1_synthv1.png
sysprof_sysprof.png
system-config-samba_system-config-samba.png
systemsettings_preferences-system.png
tali_tali.png
tea_tea.png
teeworlds_teeworlds.png
telegnome_telegnome.png
tellico_tellico.png
tenace_tenace.png
tenmado_tenmado.png
termit_utilities-terminal.png
tetzle_tetzle.png
texstudio_texstudio.png
thunar_system-file-manager.png
thunar_Thunar.png
tikzit_tikzit.png
tilem_tilem.png
tilix_com.gexperts.Tilix.png
tint2_tint2conf.png
tomboy_tomboy.png
tortoisehg_thg_logo.png
trackballs_trackballs.png
transmission-remote-gtk_transmission-remote-gtk.png
tuxcmd_tuxcmd.png
tuxpuck_tuxpuck.png
tvtime_tvtime.png
ubuntustudio-menu_applications-chat.png
uget_uget-icon.png
ukui-media_multimedia-volume-control.png
ukui-power-manager_ukui-power-manager.png
ukui-power-manager_ukui-power-statistics.png
ukui-screensaver_preferences-desktop-screensaver.png
ukui-session-manager_ukui-session-properties.png
umbrello_umbrello.png
unity-control-center_preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png
unity-control-center_preferences-system.png
unity-control-center_unity-display-panel.png
unity-control-center_unity-online-accounts.png
unity-control-center_unity-power-panel.png
usbguard-applet-qt_usbguard-icon.png
verbiste-gnome_verbiste.png
viking_viking.png
vinagre_preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png
virt-viewer_virt-viewer.png
vlc_vlc.png
wbar-config_wbar.png
webapps-metainfo_im.riot.webapp.png
webhttrack_httrack.png
webissues_webissues.png
winff_winff.png
wmforecast_wmforecast.png
wpagui_wpa_gui.png
xarchiver_xarchiver.png
xboard_xboard.png
xfburn_stock_xfburn.png
xfce4-appfinder_edit-find.png
xfce4-appfinder_system-run.png
xfce4-notifyd_xfce4-notifyd.png
xfce4-power-manager_xfce4-power-manager-settings.png
xfce4-session_system-log-out.png
xfce4-session_xfce4-session.png
xfce4-settings_application-x-executable.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-accessibility.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-peripherals.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-theme.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-system.png
xfce4-settings_video-display.png
xfce4-taskmanager_utilities-system-monitor.png
xfce4-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
xfdashboard_xfdashboard.png
xfpanel-switch_xfce4-panel.png
xiphos_xiphos.png
xjadeo_qjadeo.png
xmahjongg_xmahjongg.png
xpad_xpad.png
xterm_xterm-color.png
xtide_xtide.png
xvt_xterm-color.png
xzgv_xzgv.png
yad_yad.png
yakuake_yakuake.png
yoshimi_yoshimi.png
zanshin_zanshin.png
zegrapher_ZeGrapher.png
zeitgeist-explorer_zeitgeist-explorer.png
zulucrypt-gui_zuluCrypt.png
zulumount-gui_zuluMount.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-universe/64x64:
0ad_0ad.png
0install_zeroinstall.png
3dchess_3dchess.png
3depict_3depict.png
4pane_4Pane.png
7kaa_7kaa.png
abe_abe.png
abiword_abiword.png
accerciser_accerciser.png
achilles_achilles.png
acidrip_acidrip.png
acm_acm.png
actiona_actiona.png
activity-log-manager_activity-log-manager.png
adanaxisgpl_adanaxisgpl-48.png
adonthell-data_wastesedge.png
aeolus_audio-x-generic.png
aeskulap_aeskulap.png
aghermann_aghermann.png
aghermann_edfhed-gtk.png
agtl_advancedcaching.png
airstrike_airstrike.png
akonadiconsole_akonadiconsole.png
akonadi-import-wizard_kontact-import-wizard.png
akregator_akregator.png
alacarte_alacarte.png
aladin_aladin.png
alarm-clock-applet_alarm-clock.png
alltray_alltray.png
almanah_almanah.png
altos_altusmetrum-altosui.png
altos_altusmetrum-micropeak.png
altos_altusmetrum-telegps.png
amarok_amarok.png
amide_amide_logo.png
amoebax_amoebax.png
amsynth_amsynth.png
amule_amule.png
angrydd_angrydd.png
anjuta_anjuta.png
anki_anki.png
antigravitaattori_antigrav.png
aoflagger_aoflagger.png
aoflagger_aoqplot.png
apper_system-software-install.png
arc-gui-clients_system-file-manager.png
arc-gui-clients_utilities-system-monitor.png
ardour_ardour.png
ario_ario.png
ark_ark.png
armagetronad_armagetronad.png
arora_arora.png
artemis_helix.png
artha_artha.png
artikulate_artikulate.png
asc_asc.png
asciijump_asciijump.png
ase_ase.png
atanks_atanks.png
atomix_atomix.png
atril_atril.png
audacious_audacious.png
audacity_audacity.png
auralquiz_auralquiz.png
autokey-gtk_autokey.png
avahi-discover_network-wired.png
avahi-ui-utils_network-wired.png
avogadro_avogadro-icon.png
aweather_aweather.png
backintime-qt4_document-save.png
bacula-console-qt_bat_icon.png
ballz_ballz.png
balsa_gnome-balsa2.png
bambam_bambam.png
banshee_media-player-banshee.png
bareftp_bareftp.png
basex_basex.png
basic256_basic256.png
basket_basket.png
bastet_bastet.png
battery-stats_battery-stats.png
bauble_bauble.png
bb_bb.png
beads_beads_icon.png
bear-factory_bear-factory.png
beneath-a-steel-sky_beneath-a-steel-sky.png
berusky2_berusky2.png
berusky_berusky.png
betaradio_betaradio.png
between_between.png
bibledit_bbe512x512.png
bibledit-bibletime_bibledit-bibletime.png
bibledit-xiphos_bibledit-xiphos.png
bijiben_org.gnome.bijiben.png
billard-gl_billard-gl.png
biloba_biloba.png
biogenesis_biogenesis.png
birdfont_birdfont.png
bleachbit_bleachbit.png
blender_blender.png
bless_bless-48x48.png
blinken_blinken.png
bloboats_bloboats.png
blobwars_blobwars.png
blockattack_blockattack.png
blockout2_blockout2.png
blocks-of-the-undead_blocksoftheundead.png
bluedevil_preferences-system-bluetooth.png
bluefish_bluefish.png
blueman_blueman-device.png
blueman_blueman.png
bluewho_bluewho.png
boats_boats.png
boinc-manager_boincmgr.png
bomber_bomber.png
bombono-dvd-data_bombono-dvd.png
bookletimposer_bookletimposer.png
boomaga_boomaga.png
bovo_bovo.png
bpython3_bpython3.png
bpython_bpython.png
brainparty_brainparty.png
brasero_brasero.png
briquolo_briquolo.png
btanks_btanks.png
bubbros_bubbros.png
budgie-core_preferences-desktop.png
budgie-desktop-environment_plank.png
budgie-welcome_distributor-logo-ubuntu-budgie.png
burgerspace_burgerspace.png
bustle_bustle.png
buzztrax_buzztrax.png
bzflag-client_bzflag-48x48.png
bzr-explorer_bzr-explorer.png
cadabra_cadabra.png
caffeine_caffeine.png
cain_cain.png
cairo-dock-core_cairo-dock.png
caja-actions_caja-actions.png
caja-eiciel_mate-eiciel.png
caja_system-file-manager.png
calamares_calamares.png
calf-plugins_calf.png
calibre_calibre-ebook-edit.png
calibre_calibre-gui.png
calibre_calibre-viewer.png
calligrasheets_calligrasheets.png
calligrawords_calligrawords.png
camorama_camorama.png
caneda_caneda.png
cantor_cantor.png
cardpeek_cardpeek-logo.png
carmetal_CaRMetal.png
catfish_catfish.png
caveexpress_caveexpress-icon.png
cavepacker_cavepacker-icon.png
cb2bib_cb2bib.png
cecilia_cecilia.png
ceferino_ceferino.png
cellwriter_cellwriter.png
cervisia_cervisia.png
checkgmail_checkgmail.png
chemtool_chemtool.png
cherrytree_cherrytree.png
chessx_chessx.png
chewing-editor_chewing-editor.png
chinese-calendar_chinesecalendar-64.png
chirp_chirp.png
chromium-browser_chromium-browser.png
chromium-bsu_chromium-bsu.png
cinnamon-control-center_cs-color.png
cinnamon-control-center_cs-display.png
cinnamon-control-center_cs-network.png
cinnamon-control-center_cs-online-accounts.png
cinnamon-control-center_cs-tablet.png
cinnamon_cs-applets.png
cinnamon_cs-backgrounds.png
cinnamon_cs-date-time.png
cinnamon_cs-default-applications.png
cinnamon_cs-desklets.png
cinnamon_cs-desktop-effects.png
cinnamon_cs-desktop.png
cinnamon_cs-details.png
cinnamon_cs-extensions.png
cinnamon_cs-fonts.png
cinnamon_cs-general.png
cinnamon_cs-keyboard.png
cinnamon_cs-mouse.png
cinnamon_cs-notifications.png
cinnamon_cs-overview.png
cinnamon_cs-panel.png
cinnamon_cs-power.png
cinnamon_cs-privacy.png
cinnamon_cs-screensaver.png
cinnamon_cs-sound.png
cinnamon_cs-startup-programs.png
cinnamon_cs-themes.png
cinnamon_cs-tiling.png
cinnamon_cs-universal-access.png
cinnamon_cs-user.png
cinnamon_cs-windows.png
cinnamon_cs-workspaces.png
cinnamon_keyboard.png
cinnamon_preferences-system.png
cinnamon_system-users.png
clamtk_clamtk.png
classicmenu-indicator_classicmenu-indicator-light.png
classified-ads_turt-transparent-128x128.png
clawsker_clawsker.png
claws-mail_claws-mail.png
clementine_clementine.png
clipit_clipit-trayicon.png
clusterssh_clusterssh.png
cmake-qt-gui_CMakeSetup.png
cmst_preferences-system-network.png
cockpit_cockpit.png
codeblocks_codeblocks.png
code-of-conduct-signing-assistant_codeOfConductSigningAssistant.png
colobot_colobot.png
colorhug-client_colorhug-backlight.png
colorhug-client_colorhug-ccmx.png
colorhug-client_colorhug-flash.png
colorhug-client_colorhug-refresh.png
compizconfig-settings-manager_ccsm.png
comptext_comptext.png
compton_compton.png
compton-conf_preferences-system-windows.png
comptty_comptty.png
configure-debian_configure-debian-48x48.png
connectagram_connectagram.png
converseen_converseen.png
convertall_convertall.png
copyq_copyq.png
corebird_corebird.png
cortina_cortina.png
cowbell_cowbell.png
cqrlog_cqrlog.png
crimson_crimson.png
cronometer_cronometer.png
crossfire-client_crossfire-client.png
cubicsdr_CubicSDR.png
cultivation_cultivation.png
cura_cura-icon.png
cutemaze_cutemaze.png
cutesdr_cutesdr.png
cuyo_cuyo.png
cyclograph-gtk3_cyclograph.png
cyclograph-qt5_cyclograph.png
cylc_cylc.png
daemonfs_daemonfs.png
daisy-player_daisy-player.png
danmaq_danmaQ.png
darkradiant_darkradiant_icon_64x64.png
darktable_darktable.png
dasher_dasher.png
datovka_datovka.png
davmail_davmail.png
dawg_dawg.png
dclock_dclock.png
dconf-editor_ca.desrt.dconf-editor.png
ddd_ddd.png
dde-calendar_dde-calendar.png
ddms_ddms.png
ddnet_DDNet.png
debian-reference-common_debian-reference.png
deepin-calculator_deepin-calculator.png
deepin-deb-installer_deepin-deb-installer.png
deepin-image-viewer_deepin-image-viewer.png
deepin-movie_deepin-movie.png
deepin-picker_deepin-picker.png
deepin-screenshot_deepin-screenshot.png
deepin-terminal_deepin-terminal.png
deepin-voice-recorder_deepin-voice-recorder.png
deluge-gtk_deluge.png
denemo_denemo.png
deskscribe_deskscribe.png
deskscribe_mausgrapher.png
desktopnova_desktopnova.png
desktopnova-tray_desktopnova.png
d-feet_d-feet.png
dgedit_dgedit.png
dhcpcd-gtk_dhcpcd.png
dhcpcd-qt_dhcpcd.png
dia-common_dia.png
dianara_dianara.png
dicompyler_dicompyler.png
diffuse_diffuse.png
digikam_digikam.png
dillo_dillo.png
din_din.png
diodon_diodon.png
direwolf_dw-icon.png
dispcalgui_displaycal-3dlut-maker.png
dispcalgui_displaycal-apply-profiles.png
dispcalgui_displaycal-curve-viewer.png
dispcalgui_displaycal.png
dispcalgui_displaycal-profile-info.png
dispcalgui_displaycal-scripting-client.png
dispcalgui_displaycal-synthprofile.png
dispcalgui_displaycal-testchart-editor.png
dispcalgui_displaycal-vrml-to-x3d-converter.png
distccmon-gnome_distccmon-gnome-icon.png
djview4_djvulibre-djview4.png
dkopp_dkopp.png
dlume_dlume.png
docky_docky.png
dodgindiamond2_dodgindiamond2.png
dolphin-emu_dolphin-emu.png
dolphin_system-file-manager.png
dopewars_dopewars-weed.png
dosbox_dosbox.png
doublecmd-common_doublecmd.png
drascula_drascula.png
drascula-french_drascula.png
drascula-german_drascula.png
drascula-italian_drascula.png
drascula-spanish_drascula.png
dreamchess_dreamchess.png
driconf_driconf-icon.png
drmips_drmips.png
drumkv1_drumkv1.png
drumstick-tools_drumstick.png
dustracing2d_dustrac-editor.png
dustracing2d_dustrac-game.png
dvbcut_dvbcut.png
dvcs-autosync_dvcs-autosync.png
dvdisaster_dvdisaster.png
dx_dx.png
e17-data_system-file-manager.png
easystroke_easystroke.png
easytag_easytag.png
eboard_eboard.png
ebook-speaker_eBook-speaker.png
ecere-dev_ecere.png
eclipse-platform_eclipse.png
edb-debugger_edb48-logo.png
edgar_edgar.png
edubuntu-docs_edubuntu-logo.png
edubuntu-menueditor_edubuntu-icon.png
eekboek-gui_ebicon.png
efax-gtk_efax-gtk.png
eiciel_eiciel.png
eiskaltdcpp-gtk_eiskaltdcpp.png
eiskaltdcpp-qt_eiskaltdcpp.png
ekiga_ekiga.png
electric_electric.png
elki_elki-icon.png
emacs25-lucid_emacs25.png
emma_emma.png
empathy_empathy.png
encuentro_icon-32.png
endless-sky_endless-sky.png
engauge-digitizer_engauge-digitizer.png
engrampa_engrampa.png
enigma_enigma.png
entagged_entagged.png
entangle_entangle.png
eom_eom.png
epiphany-browser_org.gnome.Epiphany.png
epoptes_epoptes.png
eqonomize_eqonomize.png
eric_eric.png
eric_ericWeb.png
esperanza_xmms2.png
etherape_etherape.png
etm_etm.png
ettercap-graphical_ettercap.png
etw_etw.png
eviacam_eviacam.png
evolution_evolution.png
exfalso_exfalso.png
exo-utils_emblem-mail.png
exo-utils_preferences-desktop-default-applications.png
exo-utils_system-file-manager.png
exo-utils_utilities-terminal.png
exo-utils_web-browser.png
expeyes_expeyes.png
extremetuxracer_etr.png
falkon_falkon.png
fbreader_FBReader.png
fccexam_fccexam.png
fceux_fceux.png
fcitx-data_fcitx.png
fcitx-ui-qimpanel_fcitx.png
featherpad_featherpad.png
ferret-vis_ferret-vis.png
fet_fet.png
ffrenzy_ffrenzy.png
filelight_filelight.png
filezilla_filezilla.png
fillets-ng_fillets-ng.png
firetools_firejail-ui.png
firetools_firetools.png
firewall-config_firewall-config.png
fityk_fityk.png
five-or-more_five-or-more.png
flamerobin_flamerobin.png
flamp_flamp.png
flare-game_flare.png
fldigi_flarq.png
fldigi_fldigi.png
flent_applications-internet.png
flightgear_flightgear.png
flight-of-the-amazon-queen_flight-of-the-amazon-queen.png
flmsg_flmsg.png
flobopuyo_flobopuyo.png
florence_florence.png
flowblade_flowblade.png
flpsed_flpsed.png
flrig_flrig.png
fltk1.3-games_flblocks.png
fltk1.3-games_flcheckers.png
fltk1.3-games_flsudoku.png
fluid_fluid.png
flwrap_flwrap.png
fmit_fmit.png
focuswriter_focuswriter.png
fontforge_fontforge.png
font-manager_preferences-desktop-font.png
fonts-atarismall_atari-small.png
fonts-blankenburg_blankenburg_unz1a-regular.png
fonts-cantarell_cantarell-boldoblique.png
fonts-comfortaa_comfortaa-regular.png
fonts-f500_[f500]-regular.png
fonts-fanwood_fanwood-regular.png
fonts-junicode_junicode-italic.png
fonts-league-spartan_leaguespartan-bold.png
fonts-lindenhill_lindenhill-italic.png
fonts-mplus_m+2m-medium.png
fonts-ocr-a_ocraitalic-italic.png
fonts-opendin_osp-din-din.png
fonts-oxygen_oxygen-sans-sans-book.png
fonts-prociono_prociono-regular.png
fonts-tomsontalks_tomsontalks-regular.png
fonts-vollkorn_vollkorn-black.png
fonts-yanone-kaffeesatz_yanonekaffeesatz-thin.png
fontypython_fontypython.png
foobillardplus_foobillardplus.png
foo-yc20_icon.png
formiko_formiko.png
four-in-a-row_four-in-a-row.png
foxtrotgps_foxtrotgps.png
fprint-demo_fprint_demo.png
fqterm_fqterm.png
fractalnow_qfractalnow.png
frama-c_frama-c.png
fraqtive_fraqtive.png
freeciv-client-extras_freeciv-modpack.png
freeciv-client-gtk3_freeciv-client.png
freeciv-client-gtk_freeciv-client.png
freeciv-client-qt_freeciv-client.png
freeciv-client-sdl_freeciv-client.png
freeciv-server_freeciv-server.png
freecol_freecol.png
freediams_freediams.png
freedink-dfarc_dfarc.png
freedink-engine_freedink.png
freedroidrpg_freedroidrpg.png
freedv_freedv.png
freemat_freemat.png
freemedforms-emr_freemedforms.png
freeorion_freeorion.png
freeplane_freeplane.png
freesweep_freesweep.png
freetuxtv_freetuxtv.png
freevial_freevial.png
frescobaldi_frescobaldi.png
fretsonfire-game_fretsonfire.png
fritzing_fritzing_icon.png
frogr_org.gnome.frogr.png
frozen-bubble_frozen-bubble.png
fs-uae-arcade_fs-uae-arcade.png
fs-uae-launcher_fs-uae-launcher.png
ftools-fv_fv.png
funguloids_funguloids.png
furiusisomount_furiusisomount.png
fuse-emulator-gtk_fuse.png
fuse-emulator-sdl_fuse.png
fwbuilder_firewall_64.png
fwknop-gui_fwknop-gui.png
g3data_g3data.png
g3dviewer_g3d48.png
gajim_org.gajim.Gajim.png
galculator_galculator.png
galternatives_galternatives.png
gamazons_gamazons.png
gameconqueror_GameConqueror.png
gamine_gamine.png
gammaray_GammaRay.png
ganyremote_ganyremote.png
garden-of-coloured-lights_garden.png
garlic_garlic.png
gaupol_gaupol.png
gazebo9_gazebo.png
gbatnav_gnome-gbatnavd.png
gbatnav_gnome-gbatnav.png
gbemol_gbemol.png
gbirthday_gbirthday.png
gbonds_gbonds.png
gbrainy_gbrainy.png
gchempaint_gchempaint.png
gcin_gcin.png
gcompris-qt_gcompris-qt.png
gconf-editor_gconf-editor.png
gconjugue_gconjugue.png
gcrystal_gcrystal.png
gcu-bin_gchem3d.png
gcu-bin_gchemcalc.png
gcu-bin_gchemtable.png
gcu-bin_gspectrum.png
gcx_gcx.png
gddccontrol_gddccontrol.png
gdebi_gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png
gdmap_gdmap_icon.png
geany_geany.png
geary_geary.png
geda-gattrib_geda-gattrib.png
geda-gschem_geda-gschem.png
geda-xgsch2pcb_geda-xgsch2pcb.png
geeqie_geeqie.png
geg_plot2d.png
gelemental_gelemental.png
geneweb_favicon_gwd.png
geogebra_geogebra.png
geophar_geophar.png
gerbera_gerbera.png
gerbv_gerbv.png
gespeaker_gespeaker.png
gextractwinicons_gextractwinicons.png
gfceu_gfceu.png
gfm_gfm.png
gfsview_application-gerris.png
gftp-gtk_gftp.png
ggcov_ggcov64.png
ggobi_ggobi.png
ghex_ghex.png
giggle_giggle.png
gigolo_gtk-network.png
gimagereader_gimagereader.png
gimmix_gimmix.png
gimp_gimp.png
git-annex_git-annex.png
git-cola_git-cola.png
gitg_gitg.png
gjacktransport_gjackclock.png
gjacktransport_gjacktransport.png
gjiten_jiten.png
gjots2_gjots.png
gkamus_gkamus.png
gl-117_gl-117.png
glabels_glabels-3.0.png
glade_glade.png
gladish_gladish.png
glob2_glob2-icon-48x48.png
glogg_glogg.png
glogic_glogic.png
glom_glom.png
glueviz_glueviz.png
glurp_glurp.png
gmail-notify_gmail-notify-icon.png
gmanedit_gmanedit_icon.png
gmchess_gmchess.png
gmlive_gmlive.png
gmpc_gmpc.png
gmrun_gmrun.png
gmtp_gmtpicon.png
gmult_gmult.png
gmusicbrowser_gmusicbrowser.png
gmysqlcc_gmysqlcc-32.png
gnomad2_gnomad2-logo.png
gnome-2048_gnome-2048.png
gnome-alsamixer_gnome-alsamixer-icon.png
gnome-boxes_gnome-boxes.png
gnome-breakout_gnome-breakout.png
gnome-builder_org.gnome.Builder.png
gnome-chess_gnome-chess.png
gnome-clocks_org.gnome.clocks.png
gnome-color-chooser_gnome-color-chooser.png
gnome-color-manager_gnome-color-manager.png
gnome-commander-data_gnome-commander.png
gnome-contacts_gnome-contacts.png
gnome-dictionary_accessories-dictionary.png
gnome-documents_org.gnome.Books.png
gnome-documents_org.gnome.Documents.png
gnome-do_gnome-do.png
gnome-dvb-client_gnome-dvb-daemon.png
gnome-dvb-client_gnome-dvb-setup.png
gnome-games-app_org.gnome.Games.png
gnome-gmail_gnome-gmail.png
gnome-keysign_gnome-keysign.png
gnomekiss_gnome-kiss.png
gnome-klotski_gnome-klotski.png
gnome-maps_org.gnome.Maps.png
gnome-mastermind_gnome-mastermind.png
gnome-mpv_gnome-mpv.png
gnome-multi-writer_org.gnome.MultiWriter.png
gnome-music_org.gnome.Music.png
gnome-nettool_gnome-nettool.png
gnome-nibbles_gnome-nibbles.png
gnome-packagekit_system-software-install.png
gnome-packagekit_system-software-update.png
gnome-phone-manager_phone.png
gnome-photos_org.gnome.Photos.png
gnome-pie_gnome-pie.png
gnome-recipes_org.gnome.Recipes.png
gnome-robots_gnome-robots.png
gnome-shell-pomodoro_gnome-pomodoro.png
gnome-sound-recorder_gnome-sound-recorder.png
gnome-split_gnome-split.png
gnome-system-log_logview.png
gnome-system-tools_config-users.png
gnome-system-tools_preferences-system-network.png
gnome-system-tools_time-admin.png
gnome-taquin_gnome-taquin.png
gnome-tetravex_gnome-tetravex.png
gnome-translate_gnome-translate.png
gnome-tweaks_org.gnome.tweaks.png
gnome-twitch_com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.png
gnome-usage_org.gnome.Usage.png
gnome-video-arcade_gnome-video-arcade.png
gnome-weather_org.gnome.Weather.png
gnomint_gnomint.png
gnote_gnote.png
gnubg_gnubg.png
gnubiff_gnubiff.png
gnubik_gnubik.png
gnucash_gnucash-icon.png
gnugo_gnugo48.png
gnujump_gnujump.png
gnumeric_gnumeric.png
gnunet-gtk_gnunet-fs-gtk.png
gnuradio_gnuradio-grc.png
gnusim8085_gnusim8085.png
gobby_gobby-0.5.png
gogglesmm_gogglesmm.png
goldendict_goldendict.png
goobox_goobox.png
gopchop_gopchop.png
gourmet_gourmet.png
goxel_goxel.png
gpaint_gpaint.png
gpaste_edit-paste.png
gpdftext_gpdftext.png
gperiodic_gperiodic.png
gpick_gpick.png
gpicview_gpicview.png
gpodder_gpodder.png
gpomme_gpomme.png
gpredict_gpredict-icon.png
gpscorrelate-gui_gpscorrelate-gui.png
gpsprune_gpsprune.png
gpxviewer_gpxviewer.png
gqrx-sdr_gqrx.png
grace_grace.png
grads_grads.png
granatier_granatier.png
granule_granule.png
graphmonkey_graphmonkey.png
gravitation_gravitation.png
gresistor_icon.png
gresolver_gresolver.png
gretl-common_gretl.png
grig_ic910.png
gringotts_gringotts.png
gromit_gromit.png
gromit-mpx_gromit-mpx.png
growl-for-linux_icon.png
grsync_grsync.png
gscan2pdf_gscan2pdf.png
gshutdown_gshutdown.png
gsmartcontrol_gsmartcontrol.png
gtans_gtans.png
gtg_gtg.png
gthumb_gthumb.png
gtick_gtick.png
gtimelog_gtimelog.png
gtkam_gtkam-camera.png
gtkatlantic_gtkatlantic.png
gtkboard_gtkboard.png
gtk-gnutella_gtk-gnutella.png
gtkguitune_guitune_logo.png
gtkhash_gtkhash.png
gtklick_gtklick.png
gtkorphan_gtkorphan.png
gtkperf_duck.png
gtkpod_gtkpod.png
gtk-recordmydesktop_gtk-recordmydesktop.png
gtkterm_gtkterm.png
gtkwave_gtkwave.png
gtranscribe_gtranscribe.png
gtranslator_gtranslator.png
guake-indicator_guake-indicator.png
gucharmap_accessories-character-map.png
gufw_gufw.png
guitarix_gx_head.png
gummi_gummi.png
guvcview_guvcview.png
guymager_guymager_128.png
gvb_gvb.png
gv_gv_icon.png
gwaei_gwaei.png
gwakeonlan_gwakeonlan.png
gwc_gtk-wave-cleaner.png
gweled_gweled.png
gwenview_gwenview.png
gworldclock_gworldclock.png
gxmms2_xmms2.png
gxneur_gxneur.png
hamexam_hamexam.png
handbrake_hb-icon.png
hardinfo_logo.png
hatari_hatari.png
hdate-applet_gnome-calendar.png
hdf-compass_HDFCompass.png
hdfview_hdfview.png
hdhomerun-config-gui_hdhr.png
heaptrack-gui_heaptrack.png
hedgewars_hedgewars.png
helpman_helpman.png
hex-a-hop_hex-a-hop.png
hexalate_hexalate.png
hexchat_hexchat.png
hierarchyviewer_hierarchyviewer.png
higan_higan.png
hime_hime.png
hitori_org.gnome.Hitori.png
ho22bus_ho22bus.png
ho22bus_hodict.png
hocr-gtk_scanner.png
holdingnuts_holdingnuts.png
homebank_homebank.png
hoteldruid_hoteldruid.png
httraqt_httraqt.png
hugin_hugin.png
hugin_ptbatcher.png
hyperrogue_hyperrogue.png
iagno_iagno.png
ibus-braille_ibus-braille.png
icebreaker_icebreaker_48.png
icecc-monitor_icemon.png
icedtea-netx-common_javaws.png
imagej_imagej1.png
imagevis3d_imagevis3d.png
imagination_imagination.png
indicator-china-weather_indicator-china-weather.png
indicator-multiload_utilities-system-monitor.png
inkscape_inkscape.png
instead_sdl_instead.png
intone_intone.png
iptux_iptux.png
ircp-tray_ircp-tray.png
isomaster_isomaster.png
italc-management-console_italc.png
italc-master_italc.png
jabref_JabRef-icon-48.png
jackeq_thai-gold.png
jack-keyboard_jack-keyboard.png
jack-rack_jack-rack-icon.png
jag_jag.png
jargoninformatique_jargoninformatique.png
jclic_jclic.png
jd_jd.png
jemboss_jemboss_icon.png
jester_jester.png
jfractionlab_jfractionlab_icon.png
jftp_jftp.png
jmeter_jmeter.png
jmol_jmol-icon.png
jobs-admin_system-run.png
josm_josm.png
jovie_preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.png
juffed_juffed.png
jugglinglab_jugglinglab.png
juk_juk.png
k3b_k3b.png
k4dirstat_k4dirstat.png
kaccounts-providers_applications-internet.png
kaddressbook_kaddressbook.png
kadu_kadu.png
kaffeine_kaffeine.png
kajongg_kajongg.png
kalarm_kalarm.png
kalgebra_kalgebra.png
kalgebramobile_kalgebra.png
kalzium_kalzium.png
kamerka_camera-web.png
kamoso_kamoso.png
kanagram_kanagram.png
kanatest_kanatest.png
kanyremote_kanyremote.png
kapman_kapman.png
kapptemplate_kapptemplate.png
karbon_calligrakarbon.png
kasumi_kasumi.png
kate_kate.png
katomic_katomic.png
kazam_kazam.png
kbibtex_kbibtex.png
kblackbox_kblackbox.png
kblocks_kblocks.png
kbounce_kbounce.png
kbreakout_kbreakout.png
kbruch_kbruch.png
kcachegrind_kcachegrind.png
kcalc_accessories-calculator.png
kcharselect_accessories-character-map.png
kcolorchooser_kcolorchooser.png
kdeconnect_kdeconnect.png
kdenlive_kdenlive.png
kde-spectacle_spectacle.png
kdesvn_kdesvn.png
kde-telepathy-contact-list_telepathy-kde.png
kde-telepathy-text-ui_kde-im-log-viewer.png
kdevelop_kdevelop.png
kdf_kdf.png
kdf_kwikdisk.png
kdiamond_kdiamond.png
kdiff3_kdiff3.png
kdocker_kdocker.png
keepassxc_keepassxc.png
keepassx_keepassx.png
keepnote_keepnote.png
kexi_kexi.png
keyboardcast_gnome-dev-keyboard.png
keytouch-editor_icon.png
kfind_kfind.png
kfloppy_kfloppy.png
kfourinline_kfourinline.png
kfritz_modem.png
kgeography_kgeography.png
kgoldrunner_kgoldrunner.png
kgpg_kgpg.png
khangman_khangman.png
khelpcenter_help-browser.png
khmerconverter_khmerconverter.png
kicad_bitmap2component.png
kicad_eeschema.png
kicad_gerbview.png
kicad_kicad.png
kicad_pcbcalculator.png
kicad_pcbnew.png
kid3_kid3.png
kid3-qt_kid3-qt.png
kig_kig.png
kigo_kigo.png
kildclient_kildclient.png
kile_kile.png
killbots_killbots.png
kimagemapeditor_kimagemapeditor.png
kinfocenter_hwinfo.png
king_kingicon-orig.png
kino_kino.png
kirigami-gallery_preferences-desktop-theme.png
kiriki_kiriki.png
kiten_kiten.png
kjots_kjots.png
kjumpingcube_kjumpingcube.png
klatexformula_klatexformula.png
klavaro_klavaro.png
kleopatra_kleopatra.png
klettres_klettres.png
klines_klines.png
kluppe_kluppe.png
kmag_kmag.png
kmahjongg_kmahjongg.png
kmail_kmail.png
kmetronome_kmetronome.png
kmidimon_kmidimon.png
kmines_kmines.png
kmix_kmix.png
kmldonkey_kmldonkey.png
kmousetool_kmousetool.png
kmplayer_kmplayer.png
kmplot_kmplot.png
kmymoney_kmymoney.png
knavalbattle_knavalbattle.png
knetwalk_knetwalk.png
knotes_knotes.png
knowthelist_knowthelist.png
knutclient_knutclient.png
kodi_kodi.png
kolf_kolf.png
kollision_kollision.png
kolourpaint_kolourpaint.png
komparator_komparator4.png
kompare_kompare.png
konquest_konquest.png
konsole_utilities-terminal.png
kontact_kontact.png
kontrolpack_kontrolpack.png
konversation_konversation.png
kopete_kopete.png
korganizer_korganizer.png
koules_koules.png
kpat_kpat.png
kphotoalbum_kphotoalbum.png
kphotoalbum_open-raw.png
kprinter4_kprinter4.png
kradio4_kradio4.png
kraptor_kraptor.png
krb5-auth-dialog_krb-valid-ticket.png
krdc_krdc.png
krecipes_krecipes.png
krename_krename.png
kreversi_kreversi.png
krfb_krfb.png
krita_calligrakrita.png
kronometer_kronometer.png
kruler_kruler.png
krusader_krusader_user.png
kshisen_kshisen.png
kshutdown_kshutdown.png
ksirk_ksirk.png
ksnakeduel_ksnakeduel.png
kspaceduel_kspaceduel.png
ksquares_ksquares.png
kstars_kstars.png
ksudoku_ksudoku.png
ksysguard_utilities-system-monitor.png
ksystemlog_utilities-log-viewer.png
kteatime_kteatime.png
ktikz_ktikz.png
ktimer_ktimer.png
ktnef_ktnef.png
ktorrent_ktorrent.png
ktouch_ktouch.png
ktuberling_ktuberling.png
kturtle_kturtle.png
kubrick_kubrick.png
kuiviewer_kuiviewer.png
kup-backup_kup.png
kupfer_kupfer.png
kvirc_kvirc.png
kvpm_kvpm.png
kwalletmanager_kwalletmanager.png
kwave_kwave.png
kwordquiz_kwordquiz.png
kwrite_kwrite.png
kylin-burner_burner.png
kylin-video_kylin-video.png
labplot_labplot2.png
laby_laby.png
laditools_ladi-player.png
laditools_ladi-system-log.png
laditools_laditools.png
laditools_preferences-system.png
late_late.png
latexila-data_latexila.png
latte-dock_latte-dock.png
launchy_launchy_icon.png
leafpad_leafpad.png
leocad_leocad.png
lernid_lernid.png
libfm-tools_preferences-desktop.png
librecad_librecad.png
libreoffice-base_libreoffice-base.png
libxfce4ui-utils_help-about.png
lierolibre_lierolibre.png
lifeograph_lifeograph.png
liferea_liferea.png
lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings_lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.png
lightdm-settings_lightdm-settings.png
light-locker-settings_preferences-desktop-screensaver.png
lightsoff_lightsoff.png
liguidsoap_liguidsoap.png
lilyterm_lilyterm.png
limesuite_lime-suite.png
lincity-ng_lincity-ng.png
lingot_lingot-icon.png
linssid_linssid48.png
linuxdcpp_linuxdcpp.png
lios_lios.png
liquidwar_liquidwar.png
literki_literki.png
livemix_livemix.png
lives_lives.png
ll-scope_icon.png
lmarbles_lmarbles.png
lmms_lmms.png
logisim_logisim-icon-128.png
lokalize_lokalize.png
loook_loook.png
loqui_loqui.png
lordsawar_lordsawar-editor.png
lordsawar_lordsawar.png
lostirc_lostirc.png
lottanzb_lottanzb.png
lshw-gtk_lshw-gtk.png
lskat_lskat.png
ltrsift_ltrsift.png
luakit_luakit.png
lubuntu-nexus7-extra-files_internet-web-browser.png
luckybackup_luckybackup.png
lugaru_lugaru.png
luminance-hdr_luminance-hdr.png
lure-of-the-temptress_lure-of-the-temptress.png
lxappearance_preferences-desktop-theme.png
lxhotkey-gtk_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
lximage-qt_camera-photo.png
lximage-qt_lximage-qt.png
lxinput_input-keyboard.png
lxmusic_lxmusic.png
lxqt-about_help-about.png
lxqt-admin_preferences-system.png
lxqt-common_wmtweaks.png
lxqt-common_xfce4-workspaces.png
lxqt-common_xfwm4.png
lxqt-config_brightnesssettings.png
lxqt-config_input-keyboard.png
lxqt-config_preferences-desktop-display.png
lxqt-config_preferences-desktop-filetype-association.png
lxqt-config_preferences-desktop-locale.png
lxqt-config_preferences-desktop-theme.png
lxqt-config_preferences-system.png
lxqt-globalkeys_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
lxqt-notificationd_preferences-desktop-theme.png
lxqt-powermanagement_preferences-system-power-management.png
lxqt-session_preferences-system-session-services.png
lxqt-session_system-lock-screen.png
lxqt-session_system-log-out.png
lxqt-session_system-reboot.png
lxqt-session_system-shutdown.png
lxqt-session_system-suspend-hibernate.png
lxqt-session_system-suspend.png
lxrandr_video-display.png
lxsession-default-apps_preferences-desktop.png
lxsession-edit_preferences-desktop.png
lxtask_utilities-system-monitor.png
lxterminal_lxterminal.png
lyx_lyx.png
magicor_magicor.png
mail-notification_mail-notification.png
mame_mame.png
manaplus_manaplus.png
mandelbulber_mandelbulber.png
mangler_mangler_logo.png
marble-data_marble.png
marble-maps_marble.png
marble_marble.png
marble-qt_marble.png
marsshooter_marsshooter.png
massif-visualizer_massif-visualizer.png
matanza_matanza.png
mate-calc_accessories-calculator.png
mate-control-center_input-mouse.png
mate-control-center_mate-network-properties.png
mate-control-center_mate-preferences-desktop-display.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-accessibility.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-default-applications.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-font.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop.png
mate-control-center_preferences-desktop-theme.png
mate-control-center_preferences-system-windows.png
mate-control-center_user-info.png
mate-media_multimedia-volume-control.png
mate-notification-daemon_mate-notification-properties.png
mate-power-manager_mate-power-manager.png
mate-power-manager_mate-power-statistics.png
mate-screensaver_preferences-desktop-screensaver.png
mate-session-manager_mate-session-properties.png
mate-system-monitor_utilities-system-monitor.png
mate-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
mate-tweak_user-desktop.png
mate-user-guide_help-browser.png
mate-user-share_folder-remote.png
mate-utils_accessories-dictionary.png
mate-utils_applets-screenshooter.png
mate-utils_mate-disk-usage-analyzer.png
mate-utils_mate-system-log.png
mate-utils_system-search.png
mathomatic_mathomatic.png
mc_MidnightCommander.png
mcrl2_mcrl2-green.png
mcu8051ide_mcu8051ide.png
mediaconch-gui_mediaconch.png
mediainfo-gui_mediainfo.png
mediathekview_MediathekView.png
medit_medit.png
mednaffe_mednaffe.png
megaglest-data_megaglest.png
meld_meld.png
menulibre_menulibre.png
meshlab_meshlab.png
metview_metview.png
mgba-qt_mgba.png
miceamaze_miceamaze.png
microhope_gnome-word.png
microhope_mh-logo.png
micropolis_Micropolis.png
mikutter_icon.png
milkytracker_milkytracker.png
milou_nepomuk.png
minetest_minetest.png
minitube_minitube.png
minuet_minuet.png
mirage_mirage.png
mir-demos_ubuntu-logo.png
mixxx_mixxx-icon.png
mkchromecast_mkchromecast.png
mlterm-common_mlterm-icon-24colors-1.png
mm3d_mm3d.png
modem-manager-gui_modem-manager-gui.png
mokomaze_mokomaze.png
monodoc-http_monodoc.png
monteverdi_monteverdi.png
mopidy_audio-x-generic.png
moria_moria.png
morris_morris.png
moserial_moserial.png
mousepad_accessories-text-editor.png
mousetrap_mousetrap.png
mozo_mozo.png
mp3splt-gtk_mp3splt-gtk_ico.png
mplayer-gui_mplayer.png
mplinuxman_mplinuxman.png
mpv_mpv.png
mrpt-apps_2d-slam-demo.png
mrpt-apps_cameracalibgui.png
mrpt-apps_gridmapsimul.png
mrpt-apps_navlog-viewer.png
mrpt-apps_rawlogviewer.png
mrpt-apps_reactivenav.png
mrpt-apps_robotic-arm-kinematics.png
mrpt-apps_sceneviewer.png
mtpaint_mtpaint.png
mudlet_mudlet.png
mugshot_mugshot.png
mumble_mumble.png
munipack-gui_xmunipack.png
muon_muon.png
mupen64plus-qt_mupen64plus-qt.png
muse_muse_icon.png
musescore_mscore.png
musique_musique.png
mypaint_mypaint.png
mysql-workbench_mysql-workbench.png
nagstamon_nagstamon.png
nautilus-scripts-manager_nautilus-scripts-manager.png
navit_navit.png
ncl-ncarg_ncl.png
needrestart-session_needrestart.png
nemiver_nemiver.png
nemo_folder.png
neovim-qt_nvim-qt.png
neovim-runtime_nvim.png
nestopia_nestopia.png
netanim_NetAnim.png
netbeans_netbeans.png
neverball_neverball.png
neverputt_neverputt.png
nexuiz_nexuiz.png
nfoview_nfoview.png
ngraph-gtk_ngraph.png
nheko_nheko.png
nicotine_nicotine-plus.png
nikwi_nikwi.png
nitrogen_nitrogen.png
nitrokey-app_nitrokey-app.png
nitroshare_nitroshare.png
nmapsi4_nmapsi4.png
nm-tray_network-transmit.png
nomacs_nomacs.png
nootka_nootka.png
nted_nted.png
ntfs-config_ntfs-config.png
nuntius_nuntius.png
nut-monitor_nut-monitor.png
nvtv_nvtv.png
obconf_obconf.png
obconf-qt_obconf-qt.png
objcryst-fox_fox.png
obs-studio_obs.png
ocrfeeder_ocrfeeder.png
octave_octave.png
ogmrip_ogmrip.png
okteta_okteta.png
okular_okular.png
onboard_onboard.png
oneko_oneko_cat.png
onioncircuits_onioncircuits.png
open-adventure_advent.png
openambit_openambit.png
openarena_openarena128.png
opencfu_opencfu.png
opencity_opencity.png
openclonk_openclonk.png
opendict_opendict.png
openlp_openlp.png
openmolar_openmolar.png
openmsx-catapult_about.png
openorienteering-mapper_Mapper.png
openpgp-applet_OpenPGP_Applet.png
openshot-qt_openshot-qt.png
openssn_openssn.png
openttd_openttd.png
openuniverse_openuniverse.png
openyahtzee_openyahtzee.png
optgeo_optgeo-48.png
orage_orage_globaltime.png
orage_xfcalendar.png
oregano_gnome-oregano.png
osmo_osmo.png
osmose-emulator_osmose-emulator.png
owncloud-client_owncloud.png
p4vasp_p4vasp.png
padthv1_padthv1.png
palapeli-data_palapeli.png
pangoterm_utilities-terminal.png
pan_pan.png
paprefs_preferences-desktop.png
parcellite_parcellite.png
parchives_parchives.png
parlatype_com.github.gkarsay.parlatype.png
parley_parley.png
parole_parole.png
partitionmanager_partitionmanager.png
pasaffe_pasaffe.png
passage_passage.png
password-gorilla_password-gorilla.png
passwordsafe_pwsafe.png
pasystray_pasystray.png
patchage_patchage.png
pathogen_pathogen.png
pavucontrol_multimedia-volume-control.png
pavucontrol-qt_multimedia-volume-control.png
pavumeter_audio-input-microphone.png
pax-britannica_pax-britannica.png
pcalendar_pcalendar.png
pcb-common_pcb.png
pcmanfm-qt_system-file-manager.png
pcmanfm-qt_user-desktop.png
pcmanfm_system-file-manager.png
pcmanfm_user-desktop.png
pcmanx-gtk2_pcmanx.png
pcsxr_pcsxr-icon.png
pdfmod_pdfmod.png
pdfsam_pdfsam.png
pdfshuffler_pdfshuffler.png
peg-e_peg-e.png
pegsolitaire_pegsolitaire.png
pencil2d_pencil2d.png
pentobi_pentobi.png
peony_system-file-manager.png
performous_performous.png
perlprimer_perlprimer.png
peruse_peruse-creator.png
peruse_peruse.png
petri-foo_petri-foo.png
petris_petris-icon.png
pfm_pfm-icon.png
pgadmin3_pgadmin3.png
phoronix-test-suite_phoronix-test-suite.png
photocollage_photocollage.png
photofilmstrip_photofilmstrip.png
photoprint_fotoprint.png
pianobooster_pianobooster.png
picard_picard.png
picmi_picmi.png
pidgin_pidgin.png
pikopixel.app_GNUstepAppIcon.png
pim-data-exporter_kontact.png
pim-sieve-editor_kmail.png
pingus_pingus-icon.png
pink-pony_pink-pony.png
pinot_pinot.png
pinta_pinta.png
pioneers_pioneers-editor.png
pioneers_pioneers.png
pioneers_pioneers-server.png
pipenightdreams_pipenightdreams.png
pithos_pithos.png
pitivi_pitivi.png
pixelize_pixelize.png
pixelmed-webstart-apps_ConvertAmicasJPEG2000FilesetToDicom.png
pixelmed-webstart-apps_DicomCleaner.png
pixelmed-webstart-apps_DicomImageBlackout.png
pixelmed-webstart-apps_DicomImageViewer.png
pixelmed-webstart-apps_DoseUtility.png
pixelmed-webstart-apps_MediaImporter.png
pixelmed-webstart-apps_WatchFolderAndSend.png
plan_calendar.png
planetblupi_blupi.png
planets_planets.png
plank_plank.png
plasma-applet-redshift-control_redshift.png
plasma-dataengines-addons_utilities-terminal.png
plasma-desktop-data_org.kde.plasma.folder.png
plasma-desktop-data_plasma.png
plasma-desktop-data_preferences-system-windows.png
plasma-desktop-data_start-here-kde.png
plasma-desktop-data_user-desktop.png
plasma-desktop-data_user-trash.png
plasma-discover-flatpak-backend_system-software-install.png
plasma-discover_plasmadiscover.png
plasma-discover-snap-backend_system-software-install.png
plasma-discover_system-software-install.png
plasma-mediacenter_plasma-media-center.png
plasma-nm_org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.png
plasma-pa_org.kde.plasma.volume.png
plasma-sdk_cuttlefish.png
plasma-sdk_preferences-desktop-theme.png
plasma-vault_plasmavault.png
plasma-wallpapers-addons_office-calendar.png
plasma-wallpapers-addons_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
plasma-widgets-addons_accessories-calculator.png
plasma-widgets-addons_accessories-dictionary.png
plasma-widgets-addons_clock.png
plasma-widgets-addons_color-picker.png
plasma-widgets-addons_emblem-shared-symbolic.png
plasma-widgets-addons_face-smile-big.png
plasma-widgets-addons_fifteenpuzzle.png
plasma-widgets-addons_image-x-generic.png
plasma-widgets-addons_internet-web-browser.png
plasma-widgets-addons_knotes.png
plasma-widgets-addons_org.kde.plasma.pager.png
plasma-widgets-addons_preferences-desktop-user.png
plasma-widgets-addons_preferences-system-time.png
plasma-widgets-addons_start-here-kde.png
plasma-widgets-addons_user-desktop.png
plasma-widgets-addons_weather-clear.png
plasma-workspace_applications-multimedia.png
plasma-workspace_battery.png
plasma-workspace_cpu.png
plasma-workspace_device-notifier.png
plasma-workspace_drive-harddisk.png
plasma-workspace_folder-image.png
plasma-workspace_klipper.png
plasma-workspace_media-flash.png
plasma-workspace_network-workgroup.png
plasma-workspace_office-calendar.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-color.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-notification.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-system-time.png
plasma-workspace_system-shutdown.png
plasma-workspace_tab-new.png
playitslowly_playitslowly.png
plee-the-bear_ptb.png
plm_plm.png
plotdrop_plotdrop.png
pluma_accessories-text-editor.png
plume-creator_plume-creator.png
pnmixer_pnmixer.png
poedit_poedit.png
pokerth_pokerth.png
polari_org.gnome.Polari.png
policycoreutils-gui_sepolicy.png
pondus_pondus.png
pong2_pong2.png
portabase_portabase.png
postgis-gui_shp2pgsql-gui.png
postr_postr.png
praat_praat.png
pragha_pragha.png
prboom-plus_prboom-plus.png
prelude-notify_utilities-system-monitor.png
primrose_primrose.png
print-manager_printer.png
printrun_plater.png
printrun_pronsole.png
printrun_pronterface.png
projectm-jack_prjm16-transparent.png
projectm-pulseaudio_prjm16-transparent.png
project-x_package_multimedia.png
proofgeneral_proofgeneral.png
psensor_psensor.png
psi-plus_psi-plus.png
psi-plus-webkit_psi-plus.png
psi_psi.png
psk31lx_psk31lx.png
pspp_pspp.png
ptask_ptask.png
pterm_pterm.png
pulseview_pulseview.png
pumpa_pumpa.png
pureadmin_pureadmin.png
putty_putty.png
pybik_pybik.png
pychess_pychess.png
pycode-browser_gnome-word.png
pyhoca-gui_pyhoca_x2go-logo-ubuntu.png
pylang_pylang.png
pymappergui_pymappergui.png
pynagram_pynagram.png
pyprompter_pyprompter.png
pyqso_log_64x64.png
pyromaths_pyromaths.png
pyscrabble_pyscrabble.png
pysiogame_pysiogame.png
pysycache_pysycache.png
python-acidobasic_pyacidobasic.png
python-dogtail_dogtail-head.png
python-lunch_lunch.png
python-mecavideo_pymecavideo-48.png
python-pyo_E-Pyo.png
pytrainer_pytrainer.png
q4wine_q4wine.png
qalculate-gtk_qalculate.png
qasconfig_qasconfig.png
qashctl_qashctl.png
qasmixer_qasmixer.png
qbittorrent_qbittorrent.png
qbrew_qbrew.png
qelectrotech_qelectrotech.png
qgit_qgit.png
qgo_qgo.png
qhimdtransfer_qhimdtransfer_32.png
qjackrcd_qjackrcd.png
qlipper_qlipper.png
qliss3d_qliss3d.png
qmidiarp_qmidiarp.png
qmmp_qmmp.png
qmpdclient_qmpdclient.png
qnifti2dicom_qnifti2dicom.png
qpdfview_qpdfview.png
qps_qps.png
qpxtool_qpxtool.png
qrq_qrq.png
qsampler_qsampler.png
qsapecng_qsapecng.png
qspeakers_qspeakers.png
qsstv_qsstv.png
qstardict_qstardict.png
qstopmotion_qstopmotion.png
qt5ct_preferences-desktop-theme.png
qtav-players_QtAV.png
qterminal_utilities-terminal.png
qterm_qterm.png
qtikz_qtikz-128.png
qtiplot_qtiplot.png
qtm_qtm-logo1.png
qtpass_qtpass-icon.png
qtqr_qtqr.png
qtractor_qtractor.png
qtscrob_qtscrob.png
quadrapassel_quadrapassel.png
quarry_quarry.png
quassel-client_quassel.png
quassel_quassel.png
quaternion_quaternion.png
quickcal_quickcal.png
quitcount_quitcount.png
quiterss_quiterss.png
quodlibet_quodlibet.png
qutemol_qutemol.png
qutim_qutim.png
qv4l2_qv4l2.png
qwbfsmanager_qwbfsmanager.png
qweborf_network-wired.png
raincat_raincat.png
rakarrack_icono_rakarrack_128x128.png
ranger_utilities-terminal.png
rapid-photo-downloader_rapid-photo-downloader.png
rasmol_rasmol.png
rawtherapee_rawtherapee.png
r-base-core_rlogo_icon.png
r-cran-rcmdr_Rcmdr.png
recoll_recoll.png
redeclipse_redeclipse.png
redshift-gtk_redshift.png
regexxer_regexxer.png
regina-normal_regina.png
reinteract_reinteract.png
relational_relational.png
renpy-demo_renpy-demo.png
renpy_renpy.png
renpy-thequestion_renpy-thequestion.png
repetier-host_repetier-logo-trans32_1_32x32x32.png
repsnapper_repsnapper.png
resapplet_resapplet.png
retext_retext.png
retroarch_retroarch.png
revelation_revelation.png
revolt_org.perezdecastro.Revolt.png
rfdump_rfdump.png
rhinote_rhinote.png
ricochet-im_ricochet.png
ricochet_ricochet-icon.png
ri-li_ri-li.png
ring_ring.png
ripoff_ripoff.png
ristretto_ristretto.png
rkward-data_rkward.png
rlvm_rlvm.png
rmlint-gui_shredder.png
robocode_robocode.png
robotfindskitten_robotfindskitten.png
rocs_rocs.png
roger-router_roger.png
rosegarden_rosegarden.png
rsibreak_rsibreak.png
rutilt_rutilt.png
rxvt-unicode_urxvt_48x48.png
safeeyes_safeeyes.png
saga_saga.png
sagcad_sagcad.png
sakura_terminal-tango.png
samplv1_samplv1.png
saods9_ds9.png
scantailor_scantailor.png
scap-workbench_scap-workbench.png
schism_schism-icon-128.png
scilab-cli_scilab.png
scilab_scilab.png
scim_scim-setup.png
scite_Sci48M.png
scolasync_scolasync.png
scolily_scolily.png
scram-gui_scram.png
scratch_scratch.png
screenkey_preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png
scribus_scribus.png
scummvm_scummvm.png
sdlbasic_sdlbasic.png
seafile-gui_seafile.png
seahorse-adventures_seahorse-adventures.png
searchmonkey_searchmonkey-32x32.png
selektor_selektor.png
semantik_semantik.png
seq24_seq24.png
ser-player_ser-player.png
setbfree_setBfree.png
sgt-launcher_sgt-launcher.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-blackbox.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-bridges.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-cube.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-dominosa.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-fifteen.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-filling.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-flip.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-flood.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-galaxies.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-guess.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-inertia.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-keen.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-lightup.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-loopy.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-magnets.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-map.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-mines.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-net.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-netslide.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-palisade.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-pattern.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-pearl.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-pegs.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-range.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-rect.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-samegame.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-signpost.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-singles.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-sixteen.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-slant.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-solo.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-tents.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-towers.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-tracks.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-twiddle.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-undead.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-unequal.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-unruly.png
sgt-puzzles_sgt-untangle.png
shelxle_shelxle.png
showfoto_showfoto.png
shutter_shutter.png
sigil_sigil.png
sigviewer_sigviewer128.png
silverjuke_silverjuke.png
simpleburn_simpleburn.png
simple-image-reducer_simple-image-reducer.png
simplescreenrecorder_simplescreenrecorder.png
sirikali_sirikali.png
siril_siril.png
skanlite_scanner.png
skrooge_skrooge.png
skycat_esologo.png
slashtime_slashtime.png
slimevolley_slimevolley_64.png
sludge-devkit_sludge-floormaker.png
sludge-devkit_sludge-projectmanager.png
sludge-devkit_sludge-spritebankeditor.png
sludge-devkit_sludge-translationeditor.png
sludge-devkit_sludge-zbuffermaker.png
sludge-engine_sludge-engine.png
smb4k_smb4k.png
smplayer_smplayer.png
smtube_smtube.png
smuxi-frontend-gnome_smuxi-frontend-gnome.png
snowballz_snowballz.png
solaar_solaar.png
solvespace_solvespace.png
sonata_sonata.png
songwrite_songwrite_32x32.png
sonic-pi_sonic-pi.png
sonic-visualiser_sv-icon.png
sopwith_sopwith.png
soundconverter_soundconverter.png
sound-juicer_sound-juicer.png
soundkonverter_soundkonverter.png
spacefm-gtk3_spacefm-find.png
spacefm-gtk3_spacefm.png
sparkleshare_sparkleshare.png
spatialite-gui_spatialite-gui.png
speedcrunch_speedcrunch.png
spek_spek.png
spim_xspim.png
springlobby_springlobby.png
spyder3_spyder3.png
sqlitebrowser_sqlitebrowser.png
squeak-vm_squeak.png
ssvnc_computer.png
staden_icon4bl.png
stardict-common_stardict.png
starfighter_starfighter.png
stegosuite_stegosuite.png
stellarium_stellarium.png
stella_stella.png
step_step.png
stoken_stoken-gui.png
stopmotion_stopmotion.png
streamtuner2_streamtuner2.png
stretchplayer_stretchplayer-icon-48x48.png
structure-synth_structure-synth.png
subtitlecomposer_subtitlecomposer.png
subtitleeditor_subtitleeditor.png
sudoku_sudoku.png
sugar-browse-activity_activity-web.png
sugar-chat-activity_activity-icon.png
sugar-imageviewer-activity_activity-imageviewer.png
sugar-jukebox-activity_activity-jukebox.png
sugar-log-activity_activity-log.png
sugar-memorize-activity_activity-memorize.png
sugar-pippy-activity_activity-icon.png
sugar-terminal-activity_activity-terminal.png
sugar-write-activity_activity-write.png
sunclock_sunclock.png
sunflow_sunflow.png
supercollider-emacs_supercollider.png
supercollider-vim_supercollider.png
supertransball2_supertransball2.png
supertuxkart_supertuxkart.png
supertux_supertux.png
survex-aven_aven.png
swami_swami.png
sweeper_sweeper.png
sweep_sweep.png
sweethome3d-furniture-editor_sweethome3d-furniture-editor.png
sweethome3d_sweethome3d.png
sweethome3d-textures-editor_sweethome3d-textures-editor.png
swell-foop_swell-foop.png
sylpheed_sylpheed.png
synapse_synapse.png
synaptic_synaptic.png
syncmaildir-applet_mail-send-receive.png
sync-ui_sync.png
synfigstudio_synfig_icon.png
synthv1_synthv1.png
sysinfo_computer.png
sysprof_sysprof.png
system-config-kickstart_system-config-kickstart.png
system-config-samba_system-config-samba.png
systemsettings_preferences-system.png
tagainijisho_tagainijisho.png
tali_tali.png
tangerine_tangerine.png
tanglet_tanglet.png
taskcoach_taskcoach.png
tasque_tasque.png
tea_tea.png
teeworlds_teeworlds.png
tegaki-recognize_tegaki-recognize.png
teg_teg.png
tekka_tekka.png
telegnome_telegnome.png
telegram-desktop_telegram.png
tellico_tellico.png
tenace_tenace.png
tennix_tennix.png
terminator_terminator.png
terminatorx_terminatorX.png
termit_utilities-terminal.png
terraintool_terraintool.png
tetzle_tetzle.png
texmaker_texmaker.png
texstudio_texstudio.png
textedit.app_accessories-text-editor_128x128x32.png
texworks_TeXworks.png
therion_therion.png
therion-viewer_therion.png
thonny_thonny.png
threadscope_threadscope.png
thunar_system-file-manager.png
thunar_Thunar.png
thunar-volman_drive-removable-media.png
tictactoe-ng_tictactoe.png
tikzit_tikzit.png
tilda_tilda.png
tiled_tiled.png
tilem_tilem.png
tilix_com.gexperts.Tilix.png
tilp2_tilp.png
tint2_tint2conf.png
tint2_tint2.png
tinyeartrainer_tinyeartrainer.png
tkinfo_TkInfo.png
tomatoes_icon.png
tomboy_tomboy.png
topcat_topcat.png
torbrowser-launcher_torbrowser.png
torchat_torchat.png
tortoisehg_thg_logo.png
trabucco_trabucco.png
trackballs_trackballs.png
transcend_transcend.png
transmageddon_transmageddon.png
transmission-qt_transmission.png
transmission-remote-gtk_transmission-remote-gtk.png
treeline_treeline.png
trimage_trimage.png
triplea_triplea.png
trophy_trophy.png
trustedqsl_trustedqsl.png
ttb_ttb.png
tunapie_tplogo.png
tuned-gtk_tuned.png
tunnelx_tunnelx.png
tupi_tupi.png
tuxcmd_tuxcmd.png
tuxfootball_tuxfootball.png
tuxpuck_tuxpuck.png
tuxtype_tuxtype.png
tvtime_tvtime.png
twclock_twclock.png
twinkle_twinkle.png
twinvoicerecalc_twinvoicerecalc_forward.png
twinvoicerecalc_twinvoicerecalc.png
twpsk_twpsk.png
typecatcher_typecatcher.png
ubiquity-frontend-kde_ubiquity-kde.png
ubuntu-kylin-software-center_ubuntu-kylin-software-center.png
ubuntu-mate-guide_help-browser.png
ubuntu-online-tour_ubuntu-online-tour.png
ubuntustudio-controls_ubuntustudio-controls.png
ubuntustudio-installer_ubuntustudio-installer.png
ubuntustudio-menu_applications-chat.png
ubuntustudio-menu_applications-mail.png
ubuntustudio-menu_system-help.png
ubuntustudio-menu_system-users.png
ubuntustudio-menu_ubuntustudio-logo.png
uck_uck.png
ucrpf1host_ucrpf1host.png
udav_udav.png
udj-desktop-client_udj-desktop-client.png
ufraw_ufraw.png
uget_uget-icon.png
ukopp_ukopp.png
ukui-media_multimedia-volume-control.png
ukui-power-manager_ukui-power-manager.png
ukui-power-manager_ukui-power-statistics.png
ukui-screensaver_preferences-desktop-screensaver.png
ukui-session-manager_ukui-session-properties.png
umbrello_umbrello.png
unison-gtk_unison-gtk.png
unity-control-center_applications-system.png
unity-control-center_bluetooth.png
unity-control-center_input-keyboard.png
unity-control-center_input-mouse.png
unity-control-center_input-tablet.png
unity-control-center_network-workgroup.png
unity-control-center_preferences-desktop-accessibility.png
unity-control-center_preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png
unity-control-center_preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png
unity-control-center_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
unity-control-center_preferences-system.png
unity-control-center_system-lock-screen.png
unity-control-center_system-users.png
unity-control-center_unity-color-panel.png
unity-control-center_unity-datetime-panel.png
unity-control-center_unity-display-panel.png
unity-control-center_unity-online-accounts.png
unity-control-center_unity-power-panel.png
unity-control-center_unity-sound-panel.png
unity-mail_unity-mail.png
unity-tweak-tool_unity-tweak-tool.png
unknown-horizons_unknown-horizons.png
upnp-router-control_upnp-router-control.png
usb-creator-kde_usb-creator-kde.png
usbguard-applet-qt_usbguard-icon.png
usbview_usbview.png
usermode_disks.png
usermode_password.png
usermode_user_icon.png
utf8-migration-tool_applications-system.png
vala-terminal_vala-terminal.png
variety_variety.png
vbaexpress_vbaexpress.png
verbiste-gnome_verbiste.png
view3dscene_view3dscene.png
viewnior_viewnior.png
vifm_vifm.png
vinagre_preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png
virt-manager_virt-manager.png
virtualjaguar_vj.png
virt-viewer_virt-viewer.png
visualvm_visualvm.png
vizigrep_vizigrep.png
vlc_vlc.png
vmpk_vmpk.png
vokoscreen_vokoscreen.png
volti_multimedia-volume-control.png
vor_icon.png
wallch_wallch.png
wammu_wammu.png
warzone2100_warzone2100.png
wavbreaker_wavbreaker.png
wbar-config_wbar.png
webapps-metainfo_im.riot.webapp.png
webapps-metainfo_io.devdocs.webapp.png
webhttrack_httrack.png
webissues_webissues.png
weboob-qt_qbooblyrics.png
weboob-qt_qboobmsg.png
weboob-qt_qcineoob.png
weboob-qt_qcookboob.png
weboob-qt_qflatboob.png
weboob-qt_qhandjoob.png
weboob-qt_qhavedate.png
weboob-qt_qvideoob.png
weboob-qt_qwebcontentedit.png
weboob-qt_weboob-config-qt.png
webservice-office-zoho_webservice-office-zoho-sheet.png
webservice-office-zoho_webservice-office-zoho-show.png
webservice-office-zoho_webservice-office-zoho-writer.png
wesnoth-1.12-core_wesnoth-1.12_editor-icon.png
wesnoth-1.12-core_wesnoth-1.12-icon.png
whichwayisup_whichwayisup.png
wicd-gtk_wicd-gtk.png
widemargin_widemargin.png
wifi-radar_wifi-radar.png
wine-development_wine-development.png
winefish_winefish-icon.png
wine-stable_wine-stable.png
winetricks_winetricks.png
winff_winff.png
winpdb_winpdb.png
wireshark-gtk_wireshark.png
wireshark-qt_wireshark.png
wmforecast_wmforecast.png
wordnet-gui_wn.png
worker_Worker.png
workrave_workrave.png
wpagui_wpa_gui.png
writetype_key120x120.png
wsjtx_wsjtx.png
wxbanker_wxbanker.png
wxhexeditor_wxHexEditor.png
wxmaxima_wxmaxima.png
x11vnc_computer.png
xacobeo_xacobeo.png
xaos_xaos.png
xarchiver_xarchiver.png
xboard_xboard.png
xcas_xcas.png
xcfa_xcfa.png
xchat_xchat.png
xdiagnose_xdiagnose.png
xdx_xdx.png
xfburn_stock_xfburn.png
xfce4-appfinder_edit-find.png
xfce4-appfinder_system-run.png
xfce4-clipman_xfce4-clipman-plugin.png
xfce4-dict_xfce4-dict.png
xfce4-notes_xfce4-notes-plugin.png
xfce4-notifyd_xfce4-notifyd.png
xfce4-panel_xfce4-panel.png
xfce4-power-manager_xfce4-power-manager-settings.png
xfce4-screenshooter_applets-screenshooter.png
xfce4-sensors-plugin_xfce-sensors.png
xfce4-session_system-log-out.png
xfce4-session_xfce4-session.png
xfce4-settings_application-x-executable.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-accessibility.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-peripherals.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-theme.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-system.png
xfce4-settings_video-display.png
xfce4-taskmanager_utilities-system-monitor.png
xfce4-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
xfdashboard_xfdashboard.png
xfdesktop4_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
xfig_xfig.png
xflr5_xflr5.png
xfpanel-switch_xfce4-panel.png
xfwm4_wmtweaks.png
xfwm4_xfce4-workspaces.png
xfwm4_xfwm4.png
xgalaga++_xgalaga++.png
xgnokii_phone.png
xineliboutput-sxfe_xineliboutput-sxfe.png
xinput-calibrator_xinput_calibrator.png
xiphos_xiphos.png
xiterm+thai_xiterm+thai.png
xjadeo_qjadeo.png
xmahjongg_xmahjongg.png
xmlcopyeditor_xmlcopyeditor.png
xnec2c_xnec2c.png
xournal_xournal.png
xpad_xpad.png
xpaint_xpaint.png
xpdf_xpdf.png
xqf_xqf.png
xsane_xsane.png
xscorch_xscorch.png
xscreensaver_xscreensaver.png
xsensors_default.png
xsok_xsok.png
xterm_xterm-color.png
xtide_xtide.png
xul-ext-iceweasel-branding_iceweasel.png
xvile_vile.png
xvt_xterm-color.png
xye_xye.png
xzgv_xzgv.png
xzoom_system-search.png
yabause-gtk_yabause.png
yabause-qt_yabause.png
yad_yad.png
yagf_yagf.png
yakuake_yakuake.png
yokadi_yokadi.png
yorick-cubeview_cubeview48.png
yorick-spydr_spydr48.png
yoshimi_yoshimi.png
youker-assistant_kylin-assistant.png
yubikey-personalization-gui_yubikey-personalization-gui.png
yubikey-piv-manager_pivman.png
yubioath-desktop_yubioath.png
yudit_yudit.png
zanshin_zanshin.png
zapping_gnome-television.png
zaz_zaz.png
zeal_zeal.png
zegrapher_ZeGrapher.png
zeitgeist-explorer_zeitgeist-explorer.png
zenmap_zenmap.png
zescrow-client_zEscrow.png
zim_zim.png
zynaddsubfx_zynaddsubfx.png
zyne_zyne.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-main:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-main/48x48:
deja-dup_org.gnome.DejaDup.png
evince_evince.png
gedit_gedit.png
gnome-calculator_gnome-calculator.png
gnome-calendar_org.gnome.Calendar.png
gnome-characters_gnome-characters.png
gnome-control-center_gnome-control-center.png
gnome-disk-utility_gnome-disks.png
gnome-mines_gnome-mines.png
gnome-software_org.gnome.Software.png
gnome-startup-applications_session-properties.png
gnome-system-monitor_utilities-system-monitor.png
gnome-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
gparted_gparted.png
libreoffice-calc_libreoffice-calc.png
libreoffice-draw_libreoffice-draw.png
libreoffice-impress_libreoffice-impress.png
libreoffice-math_libreoffice-math.png
libreoffice-writer_libreoffice-writer.png
nautilus_org.gnome.Nautilus.png
network-manager-gnome_preferences-system-network.png
shotwell_shotwell.png
software-properties-gtk_software-properties.png
totem_org.gnome.Totem.png
ubiquity-frontend-gtk_ubiquity.png
update-manager_system-software-update.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-main/64x64:
deja-dup_org.gnome.DejaDup.png
evince_evince.png
gedit_gedit.png
gnome-calculator_gnome-calculator.png
gnome-calendar_org.gnome.Calendar.png
gnome-characters_gnome-characters.png
gnome-control-center_gnome-control-center.png
gnome-disk-utility_gnome-disks.png
gnome-mines_gnome-mines.png
gnome-software_org.gnome.Software.png
gnome-startup-applications_session-properties.png
gnome-system-monitor_utilities-system-monitor.png
gnome-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
gparted_gparted.png
im-config_input-keyboard.png
language-selector-gnome_preferences-desktop-locale.png
libreoffice-calc_libreoffice-calc.png
libreoffice-draw_libreoffice-draw.png
libreoffice-impress_libreoffice-impress.png
libreoffice-math_libreoffice-math.png
libreoffice-writer_libreoffice-writer.png
nautilus_org.gnome.Nautilus.png
network-manager-gnome_preferences-system-network.png
nvidia-settings_nvidia-settings.png
shotwell_shotwell.png
software-properties-gtk_software-properties.png
totem_org.gnome.Totem.png
ubiquity-frontend-gtk_ubiquity.png
ubuntu-web-launchers_amazon-store.png
update-manager_system-software-update.png
usb-creator-gtk_usb-creator-gtk.png
vim-common_gvim.png
vim-gui-common_gvim.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-multiverse:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-multiverse/48x48:

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-multiverse/64x64:
virtualbox-qt_virtualbox.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-universe:
48x48
64x64

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-universe/48x48:
avahi-discover_network-wired.png
avahi-ui-utils_network-wired.png
bluedevil_preferences-system-bluetooth.png
budgie-core_preferences-desktop.png
epiphany-browser_org.gnome.Epiphany.png
evolution_evolution.png
exo-utils_emblem-mail.png
exo-utils_preferences-desktop-default-applications.png
exo-utils_system-file-manager.png
exo-utils_utilities-terminal.png
exo-utils_web-browser.png
gnome-games-app_org.gnome.Games.png
gnome-twitch_com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.png
hedgewars_hedgewars.png
icedtea-netx_javaws.png
kdeconnect_kdeconnect.png
kinfocenter_hwinfo.png
ksysguard_utilities-system-monitor.png
libreoffice-base_libreoffice-base.png
milou_nepomuk.png
modem-manager-gui_modem-manager-gui.png
openjdk-8-jre_openjdk-8.png
plasma-dataengines-addons_utilities-terminal.png
plasma-desktop-data_org.kde.plasma.folder.png
plasma-desktop-data_plasma.png
plasma-desktop-data_preferences-system-windows.png
plasma-desktop-data_start-here-kde.png
plasma-desktop-data_user-desktop.png
plasma-desktop-data_user-trash.png
plasma-discover-flatpak-backend_system-software-install.png
plasma-discover_plasmadiscover.png
plasma-discover-snap-backend_system-software-install.png
plasma-discover_system-software-install.png
plasma-nm_org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.png
plasma-pa_org.kde.plasma.volume.png
plasma-sdk_cuttlefish.png
plasma-sdk_preferences-desktop-theme.png
plasma-vault_plasmavault.png
plasma-wallpapers-addons_office-calendar.png
plasma-wallpapers-addons_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
plasma-widgets-addons_accessories-calculator.png
plasma-widgets-addons_accessories-dictionary.png
plasma-widgets-addons_clock.png
plasma-widgets-addons_color-picker.png
plasma-widgets-addons_emblem-shared-symbolic.png
plasma-widgets-addons_face-smile-big.png
plasma-widgets-addons_fifteenpuzzle.png
plasma-widgets-addons_image-x-generic.png
plasma-widgets-addons_internet-web-browser.png
plasma-widgets-addons_knotes.png
plasma-widgets-addons_org.kde.plasma.pager.png
plasma-widgets-addons_preferences-desktop-user.png
plasma-widgets-addons_preferences-system-time.png
plasma-widgets-addons_start-here-kde.png
plasma-widgets-addons_user-desktop.png
plasma-widgets-addons_weather-clear.png
plasma-workspace_applications-multimedia.png
plasma-workspace_battery.png
plasma-workspace_cpu.png
plasma-workspace_device-notifier.png
plasma-workspace_drive-harddisk.png
plasma-workspace_folder-image.png
plasma-workspace_klipper.png
plasma-workspace_media-flash.png
plasma-workspace_network-workgroup.png
plasma-workspace_office-calendar.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-color.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-notification.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-system-time.png
plasma-workspace_system-shutdown.png
plasma-workspace_tab-new.png
systemsettings_preferences-system.png
visualvm_visualvm.png
vlc_vlc.png
widelands_widelands.png
wpagui_wpa_gui.png
xfce4-settings_application-x-executable.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-accessibility.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-peripherals.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-theme.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-system.png
xfce4-settings_video-display.png
xfce4-terminal_utilities-terminal.png

/var/lib/app-info/icons/ubuntu-bionic-updates-universe/64x64:
avahi-discover_network-wired.png
avahi-ui-utils_network-wired.png
blender_blender.png
bluedevil_preferences-system-bluetooth.png
boinc-manager_boincmgr.png
budgie-core_preferences-desktop.png
budgie-desktop-environment_plank.png
chromium-browser_chromium-browser.png
cmake-qt-gui_CMakeSetup.png
epiphany-browser_org.gnome.Epiphany.png
evolution_evolution.png
exo-utils_emblem-mail.png
exo-utils_preferences-desktop-default-applications.png
exo-utils_system-file-manager.png
exo-utils_utilities-terminal.png
exo-utils_web-browser.png
freedink-dfarc_dfarc.png
geogebra_geogebra.png
ggcov_ggcov64.png
gnome-games-app_org.gnome.Games.png
gnome-split_gnome-split.png
gnome-twitch_com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.png
hedgewars_hedgewars.png
icedtea-netx_javaws.png
jabref_JabRef-icon-48.png
jftp_jftp.png
kdeconnect_kdeconnect.png
kinfocenter_hwinfo.png
ksysguard_utilities-system-monitor.png
libreoffice-base_libreoffice-base.png
lshw-gtk_lshw-gtk.png
lubuntu-nexus7-extra-files_internet-web-browser.png
lyx_lyx.png
milou_nepomuk.png
modem-manager-gui_modem-manager-gui.png
nestopia_nestopia.png
netbeans_netbeans.png
pdfsam_pdfsam.png
pikopixel.app_GNUstepAppIcon.png
plasma-dataengines-addons_utilities-terminal.png
plasma-desktop-data_org.kde.plasma.folder.png
plasma-desktop-data_plasma.png
plasma-desktop-data_preferences-system-windows.png
plasma-desktop-data_start-here-kde.png
plasma-desktop-data_user-desktop.png
plasma-desktop-data_user-trash.png
plasma-discover-flatpak-backend_system-software-install.png
plasma-discover_plasmadiscover.png
plasma-discover-snap-backend_system-software-install.png
plasma-discover_system-software-install.png
plasma-nm_org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.png
plasma-pa_org.kde.plasma.volume.png
plasma-sdk_cuttlefish.png
plasma-sdk_preferences-desktop-theme.png
plasma-vault_plasmavault.png
plasma-wallpapers-addons_office-calendar.png
plasma-wallpapers-addons_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
plasma-widgets-addons_accessories-calculator.png
plasma-widgets-addons_accessories-dictionary.png
plasma-widgets-addons_clock.png
plasma-widgets-addons_color-picker.png
plasma-widgets-addons_emblem-shared-symbolic.png
plasma-widgets-addons_face-smile-big.png
plasma-widgets-addons_fifteenpuzzle.png
plasma-widgets-addons_image-x-generic.png
plasma-widgets-addons_internet-web-browser.png
plasma-widgets-addons_knotes.png
plasma-widgets-addons_org.kde.plasma.pager.png
plasma-widgets-addons_preferences-desktop-user.png
plasma-widgets-addons_preferences-system-time.png
plasma-widgets-addons_start-here-kde.png
plasma-widgets-addons_user-desktop.png
plasma-widgets-addons_weather-clear.png
plasma-workspace_applications-multimedia.png
plasma-workspace_battery.png
plasma-workspace_cpu.png
plasma-workspace_device-notifier.png
plasma-workspace_drive-harddisk.png
plasma-workspace_folder-image.png
plasma-workspace_klipper.png
plasma-workspace_media-flash.png
plasma-workspace_network-workgroup.png
plasma-workspace_office-calendar.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-color.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-notification.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png
plasma-workspace_preferences-system-time.png
plasma-workspace_system-shutdown.png
plasma-workspace_tab-new.png
scilab-cli_scilab.png
scilab_scilab.png
sigil_sigil.png
sweethome3d_sweethome3d.png
systemsettings_preferences-system.png
ubiquity-frontend-kde_ubiquity-kde.png
ufraw_ufraw.png
usb-creator-kde_usb-creator-kde.png
virt-manager_virt-manager.png
visualvm_visualvm.png
vlc_vlc.png
wesnoth-1.12-core_wesnoth-1.12_editor-icon.png
wesnoth-1.12-core_wesnoth-1.12-icon.png
widelands_widelands.png
wireshark-gtk_wireshark.png
wireshark-qt_wireshark.png
wpagui_wpa_gui.png
xfce4-settings_application-x-executable.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-accessibility.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-keyboard.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-peripherals.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-desktop-theme.png
xfce4-settings_preferences-system.png
xfce4-settings_video-display.png
xfce4-terminal_utilities-terminal.png
xfwm4_wmtweaks.png
xfwm4_xfce4-workspaces.png
xfwm4_xfwm4.png

/var/lib/app-info/yaml:
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_universe_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_main_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_multiverse_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_universe_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_main_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_multiverse_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_universe_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz

/var/lib/apt:
cdroms.list
daily_lock
extended_states
lists
mirrors
periodic

/var/lib/apt/lists:
apt.postgresql.org_pub_repos_apt_dists_bionic-pgdg_InRelease
apt.postgresql.org_pub_repos_apt_dists_bionic-pgdg_main_binary-amd64_Packages
apt.postgresql.org_pub_repos_apt_dists_bionic-pgdg_main_binary-i386_Packages
auxfiles
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_InRelease
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_main_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_main_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_main_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_universe_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_universe_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_universe_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_universe_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_universe_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-backports_universe_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_InRelease
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_i18n_Translation-pt
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_i18n_Translation-pt%5fBR
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_i18n_Translation-pt
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_multiverse_i18n_Translation-pt%5fBR
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_restricted_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_restricted_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_restricted_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_restricted_i18n_Translation-pt
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_restricted_i18n_Translation-pt%5fBR
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_i18n_Translation-pt
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic_universe_i18n_Translation-pt%5fBR
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_InRelease
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_main_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_main_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_main_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_main_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_main_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_main_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_multiverse_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_multiverse_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_multiverse_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_multiverse_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_multiverse_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_multiverse_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_restricted_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_restricted_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_restricted_i18n_Translation-en
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_universe_binary-amd64_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_universe_binary-i386_Packages
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_universe_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_universe_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_universe_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
br.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-updates_universe_i18n_Translation-en
dl.google.com_linux_chrome_deb_dists_stable_main_binary-amd64_Packages
dl.google.com_linux_chrome_deb_dists_stable_Release
dl.google.com_linux_chrome_deb_dists_stable_Release.gpg
lock
packagecloud.io_AtomEditor_atom_any_dists_any_InRelease
packagecloud.io_AtomEditor_atom_any_dists_any_main_binary-amd64_Packages
partial
ppa.launchpad.net_libreoffice_ppa_ubuntu_dists_bionic_InRelease
ppa.launchpad.net_libreoffice_ppa_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_binary-amd64_Packages
ppa.launchpad.net_libreoffice_ppa_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_binary-i386_Packages
ppa.launchpad.net_libreoffice_ppa_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_i18n_Translation-en
ppa.launchpad.net_linuxuprising_java_ubuntu_dists_bionic_InRelease
ppa.launchpad.net_linuxuprising_java_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_binary-amd64_Packages
ppa.launchpad.net_linuxuprising_java_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_i18n_Translation-en
ppa.launchpad.net_swi-prolog_stable_ubuntu_dists_bionic_InRelease
ppa.launchpad.net_swi-prolog_stable_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_binary-amd64_Packages
ppa.launchpad.net_swi-prolog_stable_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_binary-i386_Packages
ppa.launchpad.net_swi-prolog_stable_ubuntu_dists_bionic_main_i18n_Translation-en
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_InRelease
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_main_binary-amd64_Packages
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_main_binary-i386_Packages
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_main_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_main_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_main_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_main_i18n_Translation-en
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_multiverse_binary-amd64_Packages
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_multiverse_binary-i386_Packages
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_multiverse_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_multiverse_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_multiverse_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_multiverse_i18n_Translation-en
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_restricted_binary-amd64_Packages
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_restricted_binary-i386_Packages
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_restricted_i18n_Translation-en
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_universe_binary-amd64_Packages
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_universe_binary-i386_Packages
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_universe_dep11_Components-amd64.yml.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_universe_dep11_icons-48x48.tar.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_universe_dep11_icons-64x64.tar.gz
security.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_bionic-security_universe_i18n_Translation-en

/var/lib/apt/lists/auxfiles:

/var/lib/apt/mirrors:
partial

/var/lib/apt/mirrors/partial:

/var/lib/apt/periodic:
download-upgradeable-stamp
unattended-upgrades-stamp
update-stamp
update-success-stamp
upgrade-stamp

/var/lib/aspell:
en_AU-variant_0.rws
en_AU-variant_1.rws
en_AU-w_accents-only.rws
en_AU-wo_accents-only.rws
en_CA-variant_0.rws
en_CA-variant_1.rws
en_CA-w_accents-only.rws
en_CA-wo_accents-only.rws
en-common.rws
en.compat
en_GB-ise-w_accents-only.rws
en_GB-ise-wo_accents-only.rws
en_GB-ize-w_accents-only.rws
en_GB-ize-wo_accents-only.rws
en_GB-variant_0.rws
en_GB-variant_1.rws
en.remove
en_US-w_accents-only.rws
en_US-wo_accents-only.rws
en-variant_0.rws
en-variant_1.rws
en-variant_2.rws
en-w_accents-only.rws
en-wo_accents-only.rws
README

/var/lib/avahi-autoipd:
28:f1:0e:fc:f1:22
f0:4d:a2:e2:f2:0b

/var/lib/binfmts:
jar
python2.7
python3.6
python3.7
qemu-aarch64
qemu-alpha
qemu-arm
qemu-armeb
qemu-cris
qemu-m68k
qemu-microblaze
qemu-mips
qemu-mips64
qemu-mips64el
qemu-mipsel
qemu-ppc
qemu-ppc64
qemu-ppc64abi32
qemu-ppc64le
qemu-s390x
qemu-sh4
qemu-sh4eb
qemu-sparc
qemu-sparc32plus
qemu-sparc64

/var/lib/bluetooth:
F4:8C:50:19:D2:7C

/var/lib/boltd:

/var/lib/colord:
icc
mapping.db
storage.db

/var/lib/colord/icc:

/var/lib/command-not-found:

/var/lib/dbus:
machine-id

/var/lib/dhcp:
dhclient.eno1.leases
dhclient.enp0s31f6.leases

/var/lib/dictionaries-common:
aspell
wordlist

/var/lib/dictionaries-common/aspell:
aspell-en

/var/lib/dictionaries-common/wordlist:
wamerican
wbrazilian
wbritish
wportuguese

/var/lib/dpkg:
alternatives
arch
available
cmethopt
diversions
diversions-old
info
lock
lock-frontend
parts
statoverride
status
status-old
triggers
updates

/var/lib/dpkg/alternatives:
animate
animate-im6
automake
awk
builtins.7.gz
c++
c89
c99
cc
compare
compare-im6
composite
composite-im6
conjure
conjure-im6
convert
convert-im6
cpp
csh
default.plymouth
display
display-im6
editor
ex
f77
f95
fakeroot
from
ftp
gdm3.css
gnome-text-editor
gnome-www-browser
google-chrome
gstreamer-codec-install
identify
identify-im6
import
import-im6
infobrowser
jaotc
jar
jarsigner
java
javac
javadoc
javap
jcmd
jconsole
jdb
jdeprscan
jdeps
jexec
jhsdb
jimage
jinfo
jjs
jlink
jmap
jmod
jps
jrunscript
jshell
jstack
jstat
jstatd
keytool
lft
libblas.so.3-x86_64-linux-gnu
libblas.so-x86_64-linux-gnu
liblapack.so.3-x86_64-linux-gnu
liblapack.so-x86_64-linux-gnu
libpsm_infinipath.so.1
locate
lzma
mogrify
mogrify-im6
montage
montage-im6
mpirun
mt
my.cnf
nc
newt-palette
pack200
pager
pico
pinentry
pinentry-x11
postmaster.1.gz
prolog
psql.1.gz
pybabel
rcp
rlogin
rmic
rmid
rmiregistry
rmt
rsh
rview
rvim
sar
serialver
stream
stream-im6
tcptraceroute
telnet
text.plymouth
traceproto
traceroute
traceroute6
unpack200
unrar
vi
view
vim
vimdiff
vtrgb
w
write
x-cursor-theme
x-session-manager
x-terminal-emulator
x-window-manager
x-www-browser

/var/lib/dpkg/info:
accountsservice.conffiles
accountsservice.list
accountsservice.md5sums
accountsservice.postinst
accountsservice.postrm
accountsservice.prerm
acl.list
acl.md5sums
acl.postinst
acl.postrm
acpid.conffiles
acpid.list
acpid.md5sums
acpid.postinst
acpid.postrm
acpid.preinst
acpid.prerm
acpi-support.conffiles
acpi-support.list
acpi-support.md5sums
acpi-support.postinst
acpi-support.preinst
adduser.conffiles
adduser.config
adduser.list
adduser.md5sums
adduser.postinst
adduser.postrm
adduser.templates
adium-theme-ubuntu.list
adium-theme-ubuntu.md5sums
adwaita-icon-theme.list
adwaita-icon-theme.md5sums
adwaita-icon-theme.postinst
adwaita-icon-theme.postrm
adwaita-icon-theme.prerm
alembic.list
alembic.md5sums
alsa-base.conffiles
alsa-base.list
alsa-base.md5sums
alsa-base.postinst
alsa-base.postrm
alsa-base.preinst
alsa-utils.conffiles
alsa-utils.list
alsa-utils.md5sums
alsa-utils.postinst
alsa-utils.postrm
alsa-utils.preinst
alsa-utils.prerm
amd64-microcode.conffiles
amd64-microcode.list
amd64-microcode.md5sums
amd64-microcode.postinst
amd64-microcode.postrm
anacron.conffiles
anacron.list
anacron.md5sums
anacron.postinst
anacron.postrm
anacron.preinst
anacron.prerm
ant.list
antlr.list
antlr.md5sums
ant.md5sums
ant-optional.list
ant-optional.md5sums
apg.conffiles
apg.list
apg.md5sums
apparmor.conffiles
apparmor.config
apparmor.list
apparmor.md5sums
apparmor.postinst
apparmor.postrm
apparmor.preinst
apparmor.prerm
apparmor.templates
app-install-data-partner.list
app-install-data-partner.md5sums
app-install-data-partner.postinst
apport.conffiles
apport-gtk.list
apport-gtk.md5sums
apport.list
apport.md5sums
apport.postinst
apport.postrm
apport.preinst
apport.prerm
apport-symptoms.list
apport-symptoms.md5sums
appstream.conffiles
appstream.list
appstream.md5sums
appstream.postinst
appstream.postrm
appstream.triggers
apt.conffiles
apt-config-icons.conffiles
apt-config-icons.list
apt-config-icons.md5sums
aptdaemon.conffiles
aptdaemon-data.list
aptdaemon-data.md5sums
aptdaemon.list
aptdaemon.md5sums
apt.list
apt.md5sums
apt.postinst
apt.postrm
apt.preinst
apt.prerm
apt.shlibs
apt.triggers
apturl-common.conffiles
apturl-common.list
apturl-common.md5sums
apturl-common.postinst
apturl-common.preinst
apturl-common.prerm
apturl.list
apturl.md5sums
apturl.postinst
apturl.prerm
apt-utils.list
apt-utils.md5sums
aspell-en.list
aspell-en.md5sums
aspell-en.postinst
aspell-en.postrm
aspell.list
aspell.md5sums
aspell.postinst
atom.list
atom.md5sums
at-spi2-core.conffiles
at-spi2-core.list
at-spi2-core.md5sums
at-spi2-core.postinst
at-spi2-core.postrm
at-spi2-core.preinst
at-spi2-core.prerm
auth-client-config.conffiles
auth-client-config.list
auth-client-config.md5sums
autoconf.conffiles
autoconf.list
autoconf.md5sums
autofs.conffiles
autofs.list
autofs.md5sums
autofs.postinst
autofs.postrm
autofs.prerm
automake.list
automake.md5sums
automake.postinst
automake.preinst
automake.prerm
autopoint.list
autopoint.md5sums
autotools-dev.list
autotools-dev.md5sums
avahi-autoipd.conffiles
avahi-autoipd.list
avahi-autoipd.md5sums
avahi-autoipd.postinst
avahi-autoipd.postrm
avahi-autoipd.preinst
avahi-autoipd.prerm
avahi-daemon.conffiles
avahi-daemon.list
avahi-daemon.md5sums
avahi-daemon.postinst
avahi-daemon.postrm
avahi-daemon.prerm
avahi-utils.list
avahi-utils.md5sums
base-files.conffiles
base-files.list
base-files.md5sums
base-files.postinst
base-files.postrm
base-files.preinst
base-files.prerm
base-passwd.list
base-passwd.md5sums
base-passwd.postinst
base-passwd.postrm
base-passwd.preinst
base-passwd.templates
bash-completion.conffiles
bash-completion.list
bash-completion.md5sums
bash-completion.postinst
bash-completion.postrm
bash-completion.preinst
bash-completion.prerm
bash.conffiles
bash.list
bash.md5sums
bash.postinst
bash.postrm
bash.preinst
bash.prerm
bc.list
bc.md5sums
bc.postinst
bc.postrm
beignet-opencl-icd:amd64.conffiles
beignet-opencl-icd:amd64.list
beignet-opencl-icd:amd64.md5sums
beignet-opencl-icd:amd64.postinst
beignet-opencl-icd:amd64.postrm
beignet-opencl-icd:amd64.preinst
beignet-opencl-icd:amd64.prerm
bind9-host.list
bind9-host.md5sums
binfmt-support.conffiles
binfmt-support.list
binfmt-support.md5sums
binfmt-support.postinst
binfmt-support.postrm
binfmt-support.preinst
binfmt-support.prerm
binutils-common:amd64.list
binutils-common:amd64.md5sums
binutils.list
binutils.md5sums
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu.list
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu.md5sums
blt.list
blt.md5sums
bluez.conffiles
bluez-cups.list
bluez-cups.md5sums
bluez.list
bluez.md5sums
bluez-obexd.list
bluez-obexd.md5sums
bluez.postinst
bluez.postrm
bluez.preinst
bluez.prerm
bolt.conffiles
bolt.list
bolt.md5sums
bolt.postinst
bolt.postrm
bolt.prerm
brltty.conffiles
brltty.list
brltty.md5sums
brltty.postinst
brltty.postrm
brltty.preinst
brltty.prerm
bsdmainutils.conffiles
bsdmainutils.list
bsdmainutils.md5sums
bsdmainutils.postinst
bsdmainutils.prerm
bsdutils.list
bsdutils.md5sums
bubblewrap.list
bubblewrap.md5sums
build-essential.list
build-essential.md5sums
busybox-initramfs.list
busybox-initramfs.md5sums
busybox-static.list
busybox-static.md5sums
busybox-static.triggers
bwidget.list
bwidget.md5sums
bzip2-doc.list
bzip2-doc.md5sums
bzip2.list
bzip2.md5sums
ca-certificates.config
ca-certificates-java.conffiles
ca-certificates-java.list
ca-certificates-java.md5sums
ca-certificates-java.postinst
ca-certificates-java.postrm
ca-certificates-java.triggers
ca-certificates.list
ca-certificates.md5sums
ca-certificates.postinst
ca-certificates.postrm
ca-certificates.templates
ca-certificates.triggers
cdbs.list
cdbs.md5sums
cheese-common.list
cheese-common.md5sums
codeblocks-common.list
codeblocks-common.md5sums
codeblocks.list
codeblocks.md5sums
codeblocks.postinst
colord.conffiles
colord-data.list
colord-data.md5sums
colord.list
colord.md5sums
colord.postinst
colord.postrm
colord.preinst
colord.prerm
command-not-found.conffiles
command-not-found-data.list
command-not-found-data.md5sums
command-not-found.list
command-not-found.md5sums
command-not-found.postinst
console-setup.config
console-setup-linux.conffiles
console-setup-linux.list
console-setup-linux.md5sums
console-setup-linux.postinst
console-setup-linux.postrm
console-setup-linux.preinst
console-setup-linux.prerm
console-setup.list
console-setup.md5sums
console-setup.postinst
console-setup.postrm
console-setup.preinst
console-setup.prerm
console-setup.templates
coreutils.list
coreutils.md5sums
coreutils.postinst
coreutils.postrm
cpio.list
cpio.md5sums
cpio.postinst
cpio.prerm
cpp-7.list
cpp-7.md5sums
cpp.list
cpp.md5sums
cpp.postinst
cpp.prerm
cpu-checker.list
cpu-checker.md5sums
cracklib-runtime.conffiles
cracklib-runtime.list
cracklib-runtime.md5sums
cracklib-runtime.postinst
cracklib-runtime.postrm
cracklib-runtime.preinst
cracklib-runtime.triggers
crda.conffiles
crda.list
crda.md5sums
cron.conffiles
cron.list
cron.md5sums
cron.postinst
cron.postrm
cron.preinst
cron.prerm
csh.list
csh.md5sums
csh.postinst
csh.postrm
csh.prerm
cups-browsed.conffiles
cups-browsed.list
cups-browsed.md5sums
cups-browsed.postinst
cups-browsed.postrm
cups-browsed.prerm
cups-bsd.config
cups-bsd.list
cups-bsd.md5sums
cups-bsd.postinst
cups-bsd.postrm
cups-bsd.preinst
cups-bsd.prerm
cups-bsd.templates
cups-client.list
cups-client.md5sums
cups-client.postinst
cups-client.preinst
cups-common.list
cups-common.md5sums
cups.conffiles
cups.config
cups-core-drivers.list
cups-core-drivers.md5sums
cups-core-drivers.postrm
cups-daemon.conffiles
cups-daemon.list
cups-daemon.md5sums
cups-daemon.postinst
cups-daemon.postrm
cups-daemon.preinst
cups-daemon.prerm
cups-filters.conffiles
cups-filters-core-drivers.list
cups-filters-core-drivers.md5sums
cups-filters.list
cups-filters.md5sums
cups-filters.postinst
cups-filters.postrm
cups-filters.preinst
cups-filters.prerm
cups-ipp-utils.list
cups-ipp-utils.md5sums
cups.list
cups.md5sums
cups-pk-helper.conffiles
cups-pk-helper.list
cups-pk-helper.md5sums
cups-pk-helper.postinst
cups-pk-helper.postrm
cups.postinst
cups.postrm
cups-ppdc.list
cups-ppdc.md5sums
cups.preinst
cups.prerm
cups-server-common.list
cups-server-common.md5sums
cups.templates
cups.triggers
dash.config
dash.list
dash.md5sums
dash.postinst
dash.postrm
dash.preinst
dash.prerm
dash.templates
dbus.conffiles
dbus.list
dbus.md5sums
dbus.postinst
dbus.postrm
dbus.preinst
dbus.prerm
dbus.triggers
dbus-user-session.conffiles
dbus-user-session.list
dbus-user-session.md5sums
dbus-x11.conffiles
dbus-x11.list
dbus-x11.md5sums
dc.list
dc.md5sums
dconf-cli.list
dconf-cli.md5sums
dconf-gsettings-backend:amd64.list
dconf-gsettings-backend:amd64.md5sums
dconf-service.list
dconf-service.md5sums
dc.postinst
dc.postrm
debconf.conffiles
debconf.config
debconf-i18n.list
debconf-i18n.md5sums
debconf.list
debconf.md5sums
debconf.postinst
debconf.postrm
debconf.preinst
debconf.prerm
debconf.templates
debhelper.list
debhelper.md5sums
debianutils.list
debianutils.md5sums
debianutils.postinst
debianutils.postrm
default-jdk-headless.list
default-jdk-headless.md5sums
default-jdk.list
default-jdk.md5sums
default-jre-headless.list
default-jre-headless.md5sums
default-jre.list
default-jre.md5sums
desktop-file-utils.conffiles
desktop-file-utils.list
desktop-file-utils.md5sums
desktop-file-utils.postinst
desktop-file-utils.postrm
desktop-file-utils.triggers
dh-autoreconf.list
dh-autoreconf.md5sums
dh-python.list
dh-python.md5sums
dh-python.postinst
dh-python.preinst
dh-python.prerm
dh-strip-nondeterminism.list
dh-strip-nondeterminism.md5sums
dh-translations.list
dh-translations.md5sums
dictionaries-common.conffiles
dictionaries-common.config
dictionaries-common.list
dictionaries-common.md5sums
dictionaries-common.postinst
dictionaries-common.postrm
dictionaries-common.preinst
dictionaries-common.prerm
dictionaries-common.templates
dictionaries-common.triggers
diffstat.list
diffstat.md5sums
diffutils.list
diffutils.md5sums
dirmngr.list
dirmngr.md5sums
dirmngr.postinst
dirmngr.postrm
dirmngr.preinst
dirmngr.prerm
distro-info-data.list
distro-info-data.md5sums
dmidecode.list
dmidecode.md5sums
dmsetup.list
dmsetup.md5sums
dmsetup.postinst
dmz-cursor-theme.list
dmz-cursor-theme.md5sums
dmz-cursor-theme.postinst
dmz-cursor-theme.prerm
dnsmasq-base.conffiles
dnsmasq-base.list
dnsmasq-base.md5sums
dnsmasq-base.postinst
dnsmasq-base.postrm
dns-root-data.list
dns-root-data.md5sums
dnsutils.list
dnsutils.md5sums
docbook-xml.conffiles
docbook-xml.list
docbook-xml.md5sums
docbook-xml.postinst
docbook-xml.postrm
docbook-xml.preinst
docbook-xml.prerm
docbook-xml.triggers
docbook-xsl.list
docbook-xsl.md5sums
docbook-xsl.postinst
docbook-xsl.postrm
docbook-xsl.preinst
docbook-xsl.prerm
dosfstools.list
dosfstools.md5sums
dpkg.conffiles
dpkg-dev.conffiles
dpkg-dev.list
dpkg-dev.md5sums
dpkg.list
dpkg.md5sums
dpkg.postinst
dpkg.postrm
e2fsprogs.conffiles
e2fsprogs.list
e2fsprogs.md5sums
e2fsprogs.postinst
e2fsprogs.preinst
ed.list
ed.md5sums
ed.postinst
ed.prerm
efibootmgr.list
efibootmgr.md5sums
eject.list
eject.md5sums
emacsen-common.conffiles
emacsen-common.list
emacsen-common.md5sums
emacsen-common.postinst
emacsen-common.postrm
emacsen-common.preinst
emacsen-common.prerm
enchant.list
enchant.md5sums
eog.list
eog.md5sums
espeak-ng-data:amd64.list
espeak-ng-data:amd64.md5sums
evince-common.list
evince-common.md5sums
evince.conffiles
evince.list
evince.md5sums
evince.postinst
evince.postrm
evolution-data-server-common.list
evolution-data-server-common.md5sums
evolution-data-server.list
evolution-data-server.md5sums
evolution-data-server.postinst
fakeroot.list
fakeroot.md5sums
fakeroot.postinst
fakeroot.prerm
fdisk.list
fdisk.md5sums
file.list
file.md5sums
file-roller.list
file-roller.md5sums
filezilla-common.list
filezilla-common.md5sums
filezilla.list
filezilla.md5sums
findutils.list
findutils.md5sums
firebird3.0-common.conffiles
firebird3.0-common-doc.list
firebird3.0-common-doc.md5sums
firebird3.0-common.list
firebird3.0-common.md5sums
firebird3.0-common.postrm
firebird3.0-server-core:amd64.list
firebird3.0-server-core:amd64.md5sums
firebird3.0-utils.list
firebird3.0-utils.md5sums
firefox.conffiles
firefox.list
firefox-locale-en.list
firefox-locale-en.md5sums
firefox-locale-pt.list
firefox-locale-pt.md5sums
firefox.md5sums
firefox.postinst
firefox.postrm
firefox.preinst
firefox.prerm
fontconfig-config.conffiles
fontconfig-config.list
fontconfig-config.md5sums
fontconfig-config.postinst
fontconfig-config.postrm
fontconfig.list
fontconfig.md5sums
fontconfig.postinst
fontconfig.postrm
fontconfig.triggers
fonts-beng-extra.conffiles
fonts-beng-extra.list
fonts-beng-extra.md5sums
fonts-beng-extra.preinst
fonts-beng.list
fonts-beng.md5sums
fonts-crosextra-caladea.list
fonts-crosextra-caladea.md5sums
fonts-crosextra-caladea.postinst
fonts-crosextra-caladea.postrm
fonts-crosextra-caladea.preinst
fonts-crosextra-caladea.prerm
fonts-crosextra-carlito.conffiles
fonts-crosextra-carlito.list
fonts-crosextra-carlito.md5sums
fonts-dejavu-core.conffiles
fonts-dejavu-core.list
fonts-dejavu-core.md5sums
fonts-dejavu-extra.list
fonts-dejavu-extra.md5sums
fonts-dejavu.list
fonts-dejavu.md5sums
fonts-deva-extra.conffiles
fonts-deva-extra.list
fonts-deva-extra.md5sums
fonts-deva-extra.preinst
fonts-deva.list
fonts-deva.md5sums
fonts-droid-fallback.conffiles
fonts-droid-fallback.list
fonts-droid-fallback.md5sums
fonts-droid-fallback.postinst
fonts-droid-fallback.postrm
fonts-droid-fallback.preinst
fonts-droid-fallback.prerm
fonts-font-awesome.list
fonts-font-awesome.md5sums
fonts-freefont-ttf.list
fonts-freefont-ttf.md5sums
fonts-gargi.list
fonts-gargi.md5sums
fonts-gubbi.conffiles
fonts-gubbi.list
fonts-gubbi.md5sums
fonts-gujr-extra.conffiles
fonts-gujr-extra.list
fonts-gujr-extra.md5sums
fonts-gujr-extra.preinst
fonts-gujr.list
fonts-gujr.md5sums
fonts-guru-extra.conffiles
fonts-guru-extra.list
fonts-guru-extra.md5sums
fonts-guru-extra.preinst
fonts-guru.list
fonts-guru.md5sums
fonts-indic.list
fonts-indic.md5sums
fonts-kacst.list
fonts-kacst.md5sums
fonts-kacst-one.list
fonts-kacst-one.md5sums
fonts-kalapi.list
fonts-kalapi.md5sums
fonts-khmeros-core.conffiles
fonts-khmeros-core.list
fonts-khmeros-core.md5sums
fonts-knda.list
fonts-knda.md5sums
fonts-lao.list
fonts-lao.md5sums
fonts-lao.preinst
fonts-liberation2.list
fonts-liberation2.md5sums
fonts-liberation.list
fonts-liberation.md5sums
fonts-linuxlibertine.list
fonts-linuxlibertine.md5sums
fonts-linuxlibertine.postinst
fonts-linuxlibertine.postrm
fonts-linuxlibertine.preinst
fonts-linuxlibertine.prerm
fonts-lklug-sinhala.list
fonts-lklug-sinhala.md5sums
fonts-lklug-sinhala.preinst
fonts-lohit-beng-assamese.conffiles
fonts-lohit-beng-assamese.list
fonts-lohit-beng-assamese.md5sums
fonts-lohit-beng-bengali.conffiles
fonts-lohit-beng-bengali.list
fonts-lohit-beng-bengali.md5sums
fonts-lohit-deva.conffiles
fonts-lohit-deva.list
fonts-lohit-deva.md5sums
fonts-lohit-gujr.conffiles
fonts-lohit-gujr.list
fonts-lohit-gujr.md5sums
fonts-lohit-guru.conffiles
fonts-lohit-guru.list
fonts-lohit-guru.md5sums
fonts-lohit-knda.conffiles
fonts-lohit-knda.list
fonts-lohit-knda.md5sums
fonts-lohit-mlym.conffiles
fonts-lohit-mlym.list
fonts-lohit-mlym.md5sums
fonts-lohit-orya.conffiles
fonts-lohit-orya.list
fonts-lohit-orya.md5sums
fonts-lohit-taml-classical.conffiles
fonts-lohit-taml-classical.list
fonts-lohit-taml-classical.md5sums
fonts-lohit-taml.conffiles
fonts-lohit-taml.list
fonts-lohit-taml.md5sums
fonts-lohit-telu.conffiles
fonts-lohit-telu.list
fonts-lohit-telu.md5sums
fonts-mlym.list
fonts-mlym.md5sums
fonts-nakula.list
fonts-nakula.md5sums
fonts-navilu.list
fonts-navilu.md5sums
fonts-noto-cjk.list
fonts-noto-cjk.md5sums
fonts-noto-cjk.postinst
fonts-noto-cjk.postrm
fonts-noto-cjk.preinst
fonts-noto-cjk.prerm
fonts-noto-color-emoji.list
fonts-noto-color-emoji.md5sums
fonts-noto-mono.conffiles
fonts-noto-mono.list
fonts-noto-mono.md5sums
fonts-open-sans.list
fonts-open-sans.md5sums
fonts-opensymbol.list
fonts-opensymbol.md5sums
fonts-orya-extra.conffiles
fonts-orya-extra.list
fonts-orya-extra.md5sums
fonts-orya-extra.preinst
fonts-orya.list
fonts-orya.md5sums
fonts-pagul.conffiles
fonts-pagul.list
fonts-pagul.md5sums
fonts-roboto-unhinted.list
fonts-roboto-unhinted.md5sums
fonts-sahadeva.list
fonts-sahadeva.md5sums
fonts-samyak-deva.list
fonts-samyak-deva.md5sums
fonts-samyak-gujr.list
fonts-samyak-gujr.md5sums
fonts-samyak-mlym.list
fonts-samyak-mlym.md5sums
fonts-samyak-taml.list
fonts-samyak-taml.md5sums
fonts-sarai.list
fonts-sarai.md5sums
fonts-sil-abyssinica.list
fonts-sil-abyssinica.md5sums
fonts-sil-gentium-basic.list
fonts-sil-gentium-basic.md5sums
fonts-sil-gentium.list
fonts-sil-gentium.md5sums
fonts-sil-padauk.list
fonts-sil-padauk.md5sums
fonts-smc-anjalioldlipi.conffiles
fonts-smc-anjalioldlipi.list
fonts-smc-anjalioldlipi.md5sums
fonts-smc-chilanka.conffiles
fonts-smc-chilanka.list
fonts-smc-chilanka.md5sums
fonts-smc-dyuthi.conffiles
fonts-smc-dyuthi.list
fonts-smc-dyuthi.md5sums
fonts-smc-karumbi.conffiles
fonts-smc-karumbi.list
fonts-smc-karumbi.md5sums
fonts-smc-keraleeyam.conffiles
fonts-smc-keraleeyam.list
fonts-smc-keraleeyam.md5sums
fonts-smc.list
fonts-smc-manjari.conffiles
fonts-smc-manjari.list
fonts-smc-manjari.md5sums
fonts-smc.md5sums
fonts-smc-meera.conffiles
fonts-smc-meera.list
fonts-smc-meera.md5sums
fonts-smc-rachana.conffiles
fonts-smc-rachana.list
fonts-smc-rachana.md5sums
fonts-smc-raghumalayalamsans.conffiles
fonts-smc-raghumalayalamsans.list
fonts-smc-raghumalayalamsans.md5sums
fonts-smc-suruma.conffiles
fonts-smc-suruma.list
fonts-smc-suruma.md5sums
fonts-smc-uroob.conffiles
fonts-smc-uroob.list
fonts-smc-uroob.md5sums
fonts-taml.list
fonts-taml.md5sums
fonts-telu-extra.conffiles
fonts-telu-extra.list
fonts-telu-extra.md5sums
fonts-telu.list
fonts-telu.md5sums
fonts-thai-tlwg.list
fonts-thai-tlwg.md5sums
fonts-tibetan-machine.list
fonts-tibetan-machine.md5sums
fonts-tibetan-machine.preinst
fonts-tlwg-garuda.list
fonts-tlwg-garuda.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-garuda.postinst
fonts-tlwg-garuda.postrm
fonts-tlwg-garuda.preinst
fonts-tlwg-garuda.prerm
fonts-tlwg-garuda-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-garuda-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-kinnari.list
fonts-tlwg-kinnari.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-kinnari.postinst
fonts-tlwg-kinnari.postrm
fonts-tlwg-kinnari.preinst
fonts-tlwg-kinnari.prerm
fonts-tlwg-kinnari-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-kinnari-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-laksaman.list
fonts-tlwg-laksaman.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-laksaman.postinst
fonts-tlwg-laksaman.postrm
fonts-tlwg-laksaman.preinst
fonts-tlwg-laksaman.prerm
fonts-tlwg-laksaman-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-laksaman-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-loma.list
fonts-tlwg-loma.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-loma.postinst
fonts-tlwg-loma.postrm
fonts-tlwg-loma.preinst
fonts-tlwg-loma.prerm
fonts-tlwg-loma-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-loma-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-mono.list
fonts-tlwg-mono.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-mono.postinst
fonts-tlwg-mono.postrm
fonts-tlwg-mono.preinst
fonts-tlwg-mono.prerm
fonts-tlwg-mono-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-mono-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-norasi.list
fonts-tlwg-norasi.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-norasi.postinst
fonts-tlwg-norasi.postrm
fonts-tlwg-norasi.preinst
fonts-tlwg-norasi.prerm
fonts-tlwg-norasi-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-norasi-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-purisa.list
fonts-tlwg-purisa.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-purisa-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-purisa-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-sawasdee.list
fonts-tlwg-sawasdee.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-sawasdee-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-sawasdee-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-typewriter.list
fonts-tlwg-typewriter.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-typewriter-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-typewriter-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-typist.list
fonts-tlwg-typist.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-typist.postinst
fonts-tlwg-typist.postrm
fonts-tlwg-typist.preinst
fonts-tlwg-typist.prerm
fonts-tlwg-typist-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-typist-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-typo.list
fonts-tlwg-typo.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-typo.postinst
fonts-tlwg-typo.postrm
fonts-tlwg-typo.preinst
fonts-tlwg-typo.prerm
fonts-tlwg-typo-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-typo-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-umpush.list
fonts-tlwg-umpush.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-umpush.postinst
fonts-tlwg-umpush.postrm
fonts-tlwg-umpush.preinst
fonts-tlwg-umpush.prerm
fonts-tlwg-umpush-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-umpush-ttf.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-waree.list
fonts-tlwg-waree.md5sums
fonts-tlwg-waree.postinst
fonts-tlwg-waree.postrm
fonts-tlwg-waree.preinst
fonts-tlwg-waree.prerm
fonts-tlwg-waree-ttf.list
fonts-tlwg-waree-ttf.md5sums
fonts-ubuntu.list
fonts-ubuntu.md5sums
foomatic-db-compressed-ppds.list
foomatic-db-compressed-ppds.md5sums
fop.list
fop.md5sums
format
friendly-recovery.list
friendly-recovery.md5sums
friendly-recovery.postinst
friendly-recovery.postrm
friendly-recovery.preinst
friendly-recovery.prerm
ftp.list
ftp.md5sums
ftp.postinst
ftp.prerm
fuse.conffiles
fuse.list
fuse.md5sums
fuse.postinst
fuse.postrm
fwupdate.list
fwupdate.md5sums
fwupdate.postinst
fwupdate.postrm
fwupdate-signed.list
fwupdate-signed.md5sums
fwupdate-signed.postinst
fwupdate-signed.postrm
fwupd.conffiles
fwupd.list
fwupd.md5sums
fwupd.postinst
fwupd.postrm
fwupd.preinst
fwupd.prerm
g++-7.list
g++-7.md5sums
gcc-7-base:amd64.list
gcc-7-base:amd64.md5sums
gcc-7.list
gcc-7.md5sums
gcc-8-base:amd64.list
gcc-8-base:amd64.md5sums
gcc.list
gcc.md5sums
gcc.postinst
gcc.prerm
gconf2-common.conffiles
gconf2-common.list
gconf2-common.md5sums
gconf2-common.postinst
gconf2-common.postrm
gconf-service-backend.list
gconf-service-backend.md5sums
gconf-service.list
gconf-service.md5sums
gcr.list
gcr.md5sums
gdal-data.list
gdal-data.md5sums
gdb.conffiles
gdb.list
gdb.md5sums
gdb.postinst
gdb.postrm
gdbserver.list
gdbserver.md5sums
gdisk.list
gdisk.md5sums
gdm3.conffiles
gdm3.config
gdm3.list
gdm3.md5sums
gdm3.postinst
gdm3.postrm
gdm3.prerm
gdm3.templates
gedit-common.list
gedit-common.md5sums
gedit.list
gedit.md5sums
gedit.postinst
gedit.prerm
genisoimage.list
genisoimage.md5sums
geoclue-2.0.conffiles
geoclue-2.0.list
geoclue-2.0.md5sums
geoclue-2.0.postinst
geoclue-2.0.postrm
geoip-database.list
geoip-database.md5sums
gettext-base.list
gettext-base.md5sums
gettext-base.triggers
gettext.list
gettext.md5sums
gettext.triggers
gfortran-7.list
gfortran-7.md5sums
gfortran.list
gfortran.md5sums
gfortran.postinst
gfortran.prerm
ghostscript.list
ghostscript.md5sums
ghostscript.postinst
ghostscript.preinst
ghostscript.prerm
ghostscript-x.list
ghostscript-x.md5sums
gir1.2-accountsservice-1.0.list
gir1.2-accountsservice-1.0.md5sums
gir1.2-atk-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-atk-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-atspi-2.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-atspi-2.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-dbusmenu-glib-0.4:amd64.list
gir1.2-dbusmenu-glib-0.4:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-dee-1.0.list
gir1.2-dee-1.0.md5sums
gir1.2-freedesktop:amd64.list
gir1.2-freedesktop:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gck-1:amd64.list
gir1.2-gck-1:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gcr-3:amd64.list
gir1.2-gcr-3:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gdesktopenums-3.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gdesktopenums-3.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gdm-1.0.list
gir1.2-gdm-1.0.md5sums
gir1.2-geoclue-2.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-geoclue-2.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-geocodeglib-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-geocodeglib-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-glib-2.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-glib-2.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gmenu-3.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gmenu-3.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gnomebluetooth-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gnomebluetooth-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gnomedesktop-3.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gnomedesktop-3.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-goa-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-goa-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gst-plugins-base-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gst-plugins-base-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gstreamer-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gstreamer-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gtk-3.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gtk-3.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gtksource-3.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gtksource-3.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gudev-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gudev-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-gudev-1.0:amd64.postinst
gir1.2-gudev-1.0:amd64.postrm
gir1.2-gudev-1.0:amd64.preinst
gir1.2-gudev-1.0:amd64.prerm
gir1.2-gweather-3.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-gweather-3.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-harfbuzz-0.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-harfbuzz-0.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-ibus-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-ibus-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-ibus-1.0:amd64.postinst
gir1.2-ibus-1.0:amd64.prerm
gir1.2-javascriptcoregtk-4.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-javascriptcoregtk-4.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-json-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-json-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-mutter-2:amd64.list
gir1.2-mutter-2:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-nm-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-nm-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-nma-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-nma-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-notify-0.7:amd64.list
gir1.2-notify-0.7:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0.list
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0.md5sums
gir1.2-pango-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-pango-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-peas-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-peas-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-polkit-1.0.list
gir1.2-polkit-1.0.md5sums
gir1.2-rsvg-2.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-rsvg-2.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-secret-1:amd64.list
gir1.2-secret-1:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-snapd-1:amd64.list
gir1.2-snapd-1:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-soup-2.4:amd64.list
gir1.2-soup-2.4:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-udisks-2.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-udisks-2.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-unity-5.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-unity-5.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-upowerglib-1.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-upowerglib-1.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-vte-2.91:amd64.list
gir1.2-vte-2.91:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-webkit2-4.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-webkit2-4.0:amd64.md5sums
gir1.2-wnck-3.0:amd64.list
gir1.2-wnck-3.0:amd64.md5sums
git.conffiles
git.list
git-man.list
git-man.md5sums
git.md5sums
git.postinst
git.postrm
git.preinst
git.prerm
gjs.list
gjs.md5sums
gkbd-capplet.list
gkbd-capplet.md5sums
glib-networking:amd64.list
glib-networking:amd64.md5sums
glib-networking-common.list
glib-networking-common.md5sums
glib-networking-services.list
glib-networking-services.md5sums
g++.list
g++.md5sums
gnome-accessibility-themes.list
gnome-accessibility-themes.md5sums
gnome-accessibility-themes.postinst
gnome-accessibility-themes.postrm
gnome-bluetooth.list
gnome-bluetooth.md5sums
gnome-control-center-data.list
gnome-control-center-data.md5sums
gnome-control-center-data.postinst
gnome-control-center-data.postrm
gnome-control-center-data.preinst
gnome-control-center-data.prerm
gnome-control-center-faces.list
gnome-control-center-faces.md5sums
gnome-desktop3-data.list
gnome-desktop3-data.md5sums
gnome-disk-utility.conffiles
gnome-disk-utility.list
gnome-disk-utility.md5sums
gnome-font-viewer.list
gnome-font-viewer.md5sums
gnome-getting-started-docs.list
gnome-getting-started-docs.md5sums
gnome-getting-started-docs-pt.list
gnome-getting-started-docs-pt.md5sums
gnome-initial-setup.conffiles
gnome-initial-setup.list
gnome-initial-setup.md5sums
gnome-initial-setup.postinst
gnome-initial-setup.postrm
gnome-keyring.conffiles
gnome-keyring.list
gnome-keyring.md5sums
gnome-keyring-pkcs11:amd64.list
gnome-keyring-pkcs11:amd64.md5sums
gnome-keyring.postinst
gnome-keyring.postrm
gnome-keyring.preinst
gnome-keyring.prerm
gnome-menus.conffiles
gnome-menus.list
gnome-menus.md5sums
gnome-menus.triggers
gnome-online-accounts.list
gnome-online-accounts.md5sums
gnome-power-manager.list
gnome-power-manager.md5sums
gnome-power-manager.postinst
gnome-power-manager.postrm
gnome-power-manager.preinst
gnome-power-manager.prerm
gnome-screenshot.list
gnome-screenshot.md5sums
gnome-session-bin.list
gnome-session-bin.md5sums
gnome-session-bin.postinst
gnome-session-bin.prerm
gnome-session-canberra.list
gnome-session-canberra.md5sums
gnome-session-common.conffiles
gnome-session-common.list
gnome-session-common.md5sums
gnome-settings-daemon.conffiles
gnome-settings-daemon.list
gnome-settings-daemon.md5sums
gnome-settings-daemon.postinst
gnome-settings-daemon.postrm
gnome-settings-daemon.preinst
gnome-settings-daemon.prerm
gnome-settings-daemon-schemas.list
gnome-settings-daemon-schemas.md5sums
gnome-shell-common.list
gnome-shell-common.md5sums
gnome-shell-common.postinst
gnome-shell-common.prerm
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.list
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.md5sums
gnome-shell-extension-ubuntu-dock.list
gnome-shell-extension-ubuntu-dock.md5sums
gnome-shell.list
gnome-shell.md5sums
gnome-shell.shlibs
gnome-shell.triggers
gnome-software-common.list
gnome-software-common.md5sums
gnome-software.conffiles
gnome-software.list
gnome-software.md5sums
gnome-software-plugin-snap.list
gnome-software-plugin-snap.md5sums
gnome-software.postinst
gnome-software.postrm
gnome-software.preinst
gnome-software.prerm
gnome-startup-applications.list
gnome-startup-applications.md5sums
gnome-terminal-data.list
gnome-terminal-data.md5sums
gnome-terminal.list
gnome-terminal.md5sums
gnome-terminal.postinst
gnome-terminal.prerm
gnome-themes-extra:amd64.list
gnome-themes-extra:amd64.md5sums
gnome-themes-extra-data.list
gnome-themes-extra-data.md5sums
gnome-user-docs.list
gnome-user-docs.md5sums
gnome-user-docs-pt.list
gnome-user-docs-pt.md5sums
gnome-user-guide.list
gnome-user-guide.md5sums
gnupg-l10n.list
gnupg-l10n.md5sums
gnupg.list
gnupg.md5sums
gnupg-utils.list
gnupg-utils.md5sums
google-chrome-stable.list
google-chrome-stable.md5sums
google-chrome-stable.postinst
google-chrome-stable.postrm
google-chrome-stable.prerm
gpg-agent.conffiles
gpg-agent.list
gpg-agent.md5sums
gpgconf.list
gpgconf.md5sums
gpg.list
gpg.md5sums
gpgsm.list
gpgsm.md5sums
gpgv.list
gpgv.md5sums
gpg-wks-client.list
gpg-wks-client.md5sums
gpg-wks-server.list
gpg-wks-server.md5sums
g++.postinst
g++.prerm
grep.list
grep.md5sums
grilo-plugins-0.3-base:amd64.list
grilo-plugins-0.3-base:amd64.md5sums
groff-base.conffiles
groff-base.list
groff-base.md5sums
grub2-common.list
grub2-common.md5sums
grub-common.conffiles
grub-common.list
grub-common.md5sums
grub-common.postinst
grub-common.postrm
grub-common.preinst
grub-common.prerm
grub-gfxpayload-lists.list
grub-gfxpayload-lists.md5sums
grub-gfxpayload-lists.postinst
grub-gfxpayload-lists.prerm
grub-pc-bin.list
grub-pc-bin.md5sums
grub-pc.conffiles
grub-pc.config
grub-pc.list
grub-pc.md5sums
grub-pc.postinst
grub-pc.postrm
grub-pc.preinst
grub-pc.prerm
grub-pc.templates
gsettings-desktop-schemas.list
gsettings-desktop-schemas.md5sums
gsettings-ubuntu-schemas.list
gsettings-ubuntu-schemas.md5sums
gsfonts.conffiles
gsfonts.list
gsfonts.md5sums
gsfonts.postinst
gsfonts.postrm
gsfonts.prerm
gstreamer1.0-alsa:amd64.list
gstreamer1.0-alsa:amd64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-clutter-3.0:amd64.list
gstreamer1.0-clutter-3.0:amd64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-gl:amd64.list
gstreamer1.0-gl:amd64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-gtk3:amd64.list
gstreamer1.0-gtk3:amd64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-packagekit.list
gstreamer1.0-packagekit.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-packagekit.postinst
gstreamer1.0-packagekit.prerm
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base:amd64.list
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base:amd64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base-apps.list
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base-apps.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-plugins-good:amd64.list
gstreamer1.0-plugins-good:amd64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-pulseaudio:amd64.list
gstreamer1.0-pulseaudio:amd64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-tools.list
gstreamer1.0-tools.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-x:amd64.list
gstreamer1.0-x:amd64.md5sums
gtk2-engines-murrine:amd64.list
gtk2-engines-murrine:amd64.md5sums
gtk2-engines-pixbuf:amd64.list
gtk2-engines-pixbuf:amd64.md5sums
gtk-update-icon-cache.list
gtk-update-icon-cache.md5sums
gtk-update-icon-cache.preinst
gvfs:amd64.list
gvfs:amd64.md5sums
gvfs-backends.list
gvfs-backends.md5sums
gvfs-backends.postinst
gvfs-bin.list
gvfs-bin.md5sums
gvfs-common.list
gvfs-common.md5sums
gvfs-common.postinst
gvfs-daemons.list
gvfs-daemons.md5sums
gvfs-fuse.list
gvfs-fuse.md5sums
gvfs-libs:amd64.list
gvfs-libs:amd64.md5sums
gzip.list
gzip.md5sums
hdparm.conffiles
hdparm.list
hdparm.md5sums
hdparm.postinst
hdparm.postrm
hdparm.preinst
hdparm.prerm
hicolor-icon-theme.list
hicolor-icon-theme.md5sums
hicolor-icon-theme.postinst
hicolor-icon-theme.prerm
hicolor-icon-theme.triggers
hostname.list
hostname.md5sums
hplip.conffiles
hplip-data.list
hplip-data.md5sums
hplip-data.postinst
hplip-data.prerm
hplip.list
hplip.md5sums
hplip.postinst
hplip.postrm
hplip.preinst
humanity-icon-theme.list
humanity-icon-theme.md5sums
humanity-icon-theme.postinst
humanity-icon-theme.postrm
hunspell-en-us.list
hunspell-en-us.md5sums
i965-va-driver:amd64.list
i965-va-driver:amd64.md5sums
ibus.conffiles
ibus-gtk3:amd64.list
ibus-gtk3:amd64.md5sums
ibus-gtk:amd64.list
ibus-gtk:amd64.md5sums
ibus.list
ibus.md5sums
ibus.postinst
ibus.postrm
ibus.prerm
ibus-table.list
ibus-table.md5sums
ibus-table.postinst
ibus-table.prerm
ibverbs-providers:amd64.conffiles
ibverbs-providers:amd64.list
ibverbs-providers:amd64.md5sums
ibverbs-providers:amd64.shlibs
ibverbs-providers:amd64.symbols
ibverbs-providers:amd64.triggers
icc-profiles-free.list
icc-profiles-free.md5sums
icu-devtools.list
icu-devtools.md5sums
ifupdown.conffiles
ifupdown.list
ifupdown.md5sums
ifupdown.postinst
ifupdown.postrm
ifupdown.preinst
ifupdown.prerm
iio-sensor-proxy.conffiles
iio-sensor-proxy.list
iio-sensor-proxy.md5sums
iio-sensor-proxy.postinst
iio-sensor-proxy.postrm
iio-sensor-proxy.prerm
imagemagick-6-common.conffiles
imagemagick-6-common.list
imagemagick-6-common.md5sums
imagemagick-6.q16.list
imagemagick-6.q16.md5sums
imagemagick-6.q16.postinst
imagemagick-6.q16.prerm
imagemagick.list
imagemagick.md5sums
imagemagick.postinst
imagemagick.postrm
imagemagick.preinst
imagemagick.prerm
im-config.conffiles
im-config.list
im-config.md5sums
info.list
info.md5sums
info.postinst
info.postrm
info.prerm
init.list
init.md5sums
initramfs-tools-bin.list
initramfs-tools-bin.md5sums
initramfs-tools.conffiles
initramfs-tools-core.conffiles
initramfs-tools-core.list
initramfs-tools-core.md5sums
initramfs-tools-core.postinst
initramfs-tools-core.postrm
initramfs-tools.list
initramfs-tools.md5sums
initramfs-tools.postinst
initramfs-tools.postrm
initramfs-tools.preinst
initramfs-tools.prerm
initramfs-tools.triggers
init-system-helpers.list
init-system-helpers.md5sums
inputattach.list
inputattach.md5sums
install-info.list
install-info.md5sums
install-info.postinst
install-info.triggers
intel-microcode.conffiles
intel-microcode.list
intel-microcode.md5sums
intel-microcode.postinst
intel-microcode.postrm
intltool-debian.list
intltool-debian.md5sums
intltool.list
intltool.md5sums
ippusbxd.conffiles
ippusbxd.list
ippusbxd.md5sums
ippusbxd.postinst
ippusbxd.postrm
iproute2.conffiles
iproute2.list
iproute2.md5sums
iptables.list
iptables.md5sums
iputils-arping.list
iputils-arping.md5sums
iputils-arping.postinst
iputils-ping.list
iputils-ping.md5sums
iputils-ping.postinst
iputils-tracepath.list
iputils-tracepath.md5sums
iputils-tracepath.postinst
iputils-tracepath.prerm
ipxe-qemu-256k-compat-efi-roms.list
ipxe-qemu-256k-compat-efi-roms.md5sums
ipxe-qemu.list
ipxe-qemu.md5sums
irqbalance.conffiles
irqbalance.config
irqbalance.list
irqbalance.md5sums
irqbalance.postinst
irqbalance.postrm
irqbalance.preinst
irqbalance.prerm
irqbalance.templates
isc-dhcp-client.conffiles
isc-dhcp-client.list
isc-dhcp-client.md5sums
isc-dhcp-client.postinst
isc-dhcp-client.postrm
isc-dhcp-common.list
isc-dhcp-common.md5sums
iso-codes.list
iso-codes.md5sums
iucode-tool.list
iucode-tool.md5sums
iw.list
iw.md5sums
java-common.list
java-common.md5sums
java-common.postinst
java-common.postrm
javahelp2.list
javahelp2.md5sums
javascript-common.conffiles
javascript-common.list
javascript-common.md5sums
javascript-common.postinst
javascript-common.postrm
javascript-common.preinst
javascript-common.prerm
java-wrappers.list
java-wrappers.md5sums
jq.list
jq.md5sums
junit.list
junit.md5sums
kbd.list
kbd.md5sums
kbd.postinst
kbd.postrm
kbd.preinst
kbd.prerm
kerneloops.conffiles
kerneloops.list
kerneloops.md5sums
kerneloops.postinst
kerneloops.postrm
kerneloops.preinst
kerneloops.prerm
keyboard-configuration.config
keyboard-configuration.list
keyboard-configuration.md5sums
keyboard-configuration.postinst
keyboard-configuration.postrm
keyboard-configuration.preinst
keyboard-configuration.prerm
keyboard-configuration.templates
keyutils.conffiles
keyutils.list
keyutils.md5sums
klibc-utils.list
klibc-utils.md5sums
klibc-utils.postinst
klibc-utils.postrm
klibc-utils.preinst
kmod.conffiles
kmod.list
kmod.md5sums
kmod.postinst
kmod.postrm
kmod.preinst
kmod.prerm
krb5-locales.list
krb5-locales.md5sums
language-pack-en-base.list
language-pack-en-base.md5sums
language-pack-en-base.postinst
language-pack-en-base.postrm
language-pack-en.list
language-pack-en.md5sums
language-pack-gnome-en-base.list
language-pack-gnome-en-base.md5sums
language-pack-gnome-en-base.postinst
language-pack-gnome-en-base.postrm
language-pack-gnome-en.list
language-pack-gnome-en.md5sums
language-pack-gnome-pt-base.list
language-pack-gnome-pt-base.md5sums
language-pack-gnome-pt-base.postinst
language-pack-gnome-pt-base.postrm
language-pack-gnome-pt.list
language-pack-gnome-pt.md5sums
language-pack-pt-base.list
language-pack-pt-base.md5sums
language-pack-pt-base.postinst
language-pack-pt-base.postrm
language-pack-pt.list
language-pack-pt.md5sums
language-selector-common.conffiles
language-selector-common.list
language-selector-common.md5sums
language-selector-common.postinst
language-selector-common.postrm
language-selector-common.preinst
language-selector-common.prerm
language-selector-gnome.list
language-selector-gnome.md5sums
language-selector-gnome.postinst
language-selector-gnome.prerm
laptop-detect.list
laptop-detect.md5sums
ldap-auth-client.list
ldap-auth-client.md5sums
ldap-auth-config.conffiles
ldap-auth-config.config
ldap-auth-config.list
ldap-auth-config.md5sums
ldap-auth-config.postinst
ldap-auth-config.postrm
ldap-auth-config.templates
ldap-utils.list
ldap-utils.md5sums
less.list
less.md5sums
less.postinst
less.postrm
less.prerm
lib32gcc1.list
lib32gcc1.md5sums
lib32gcc1.postinst
lib32gcc1.shlibs
lib32gcc1.symbols
lib32gcc1.triggers
lib32stdc++6.list
lib32stdc++6.md5sums
lib32stdc++6.postinst
lib32stdc++6.shlibs
lib32stdc++6.symbols
lib32stdc++6.triggers
libaa1:amd64.list
libaa1:amd64.md5sums
libaa1:amd64.shlibs
libaa1:amd64.symbols
libaa1:amd64.triggers
libaacs0:amd64.list
libaacs0:amd64.md5sums
libaacs0:amd64.shlibs
libaacs0:amd64.triggers
libabw-0.1-1:amd64.list
libabw-0.1-1:amd64.md5sums
libabw-0.1-1:amd64.shlibs
libabw-0.1-1:amd64.triggers
libaccountsservice0:amd64.list
libaccountsservice0:amd64.md5sums
libaccountsservice0:amd64.shlibs
libaccountsservice0:amd64.symbols
libaccountsservice0:amd64.triggers
libacl1:amd64.list
libacl1:amd64.md5sums
libacl1:amd64.shlibs
libacl1:amd64.triggers
libactivation-java.list
libactivation-java.md5sums
libaec0:amd64.list
libaec0:amd64.md5sums
libaec0:amd64.shlibs
libaec0:amd64.triggers
libaio1:amd64.list
libaio1:amd64.md5sums
libaio1:amd64.shlibs
libaio1:amd64.symbols
libaio1:amd64.triggers
libalgorithm-diff-perl.list
libalgorithm-diff-perl.md5sums
libalgorithm-diff-xs-perl.list
libalgorithm-diff-xs-perl.md5sums
libalgorithm-merge-perl.list
libalgorithm-merge-perl.md5sums
libamd2:amd64.list
libamd2:amd64.md5sums
libamd2:amd64.shlibs
libamd2:amd64.symbols
libamd2:amd64.triggers
libantlr-java.list
libantlr-java.md5sums
libao4:amd64.list
libao4:amd64.md5sums
libao4:amd64.shlibs
libao4:amd64.symbols
libao4:amd64.triggers
libao-common.conffiles
libao-common.list
libao-common.md5sums
libaopalliance-java.list
libaopalliance-java.md5sums
libapache-pom-java.list
libapache-pom-java.md5sums
libapparmor1:amd64.list
libapparmor1:amd64.md5sums
libapparmor1:amd64.shlibs
libapparmor1:amd64.symbols
libapparmor1:amd64.triggers
libappindicator3-1.list
libappindicator3-1.md5sums
libappindicator3-1.shlibs
libappindicator3-1.symbols
libappindicator3-1.triggers
libappstream4:amd64.list
libappstream4:amd64.md5sums
libappstream4:amd64.shlibs
libappstream4:amd64.symbols
libappstream4:amd64.triggers
libappstream-glib8:amd64.list
libappstream-glib8:amd64.md5sums
libappstream-glib8:amd64.shlibs
libappstream-glib8:amd64.symbols
libappstream-glib8:amd64.triggers
libapt-inst2.0:amd64.list
libapt-inst2.0:amd64.md5sums
libapt-inst2.0:amd64.shlibs
libapt-inst2.0:amd64.symbols
libapt-inst2.0:amd64.triggers
libapt-pkg5.0:amd64.list
libapt-pkg5.0:amd64.md5sums
libapt-pkg5.0:amd64.shlibs
libapt-pkg5.0:amd64.symbols
libapt-pkg5.0:amd64.triggers
libapt-pkg-perl.list
libapt-pkg-perl.md5sums
libarchive13:amd64.list
libarchive13:amd64.md5sums
libarchive13:amd64.shlibs
libarchive13:amd64.symbols
libarchive13:amd64.triggers
libarchive-cpio-perl.list
libarchive-cpio-perl.md5sums
libarchive-zip-perl.list
libarchive-zip-perl.md5sums
libargon2-0:amd64.list
libargon2-0:amd64.md5sums
libargon2-0:amd64.shlibs
libargon2-0:amd64.symbols
libargon2-0:amd64.triggers
libargs4j-java.list
libargs4j-java.md5sums
libarmadillo8.list
libarmadillo8.md5sums
libarmadillo8.shlibs
libarmadillo8.triggers
libarpack2:amd64.list
libarpack2:amd64.md5sums
libarpack2:amd64.shlibs
libarpack2:amd64.symbols
libarpack2:amd64.triggers
libart-2.0-2:amd64.list
libart-2.0-2:amd64.md5sums
libart-2.0-2:amd64.shlibs
libart-2.0-2:amd64.symbols
libart-2.0-2:amd64.triggers
libasan4:amd64.list
libasan4:amd64.md5sums
libasan4:amd64.shlibs
libasan4:amd64.symbols
libasan4:amd64.triggers
libasm-java.list
libasm-java.md5sums
libasn1-8-heimdal:amd64.list
libasn1-8-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libasn1-8-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libasn1-8-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libasn1-8-heimdal:amd64.triggers
libasound2:amd64.list
libasound2:amd64.md5sums
libasound2:amd64.shlibs
libasound2:amd64.symbols
libasound2:amd64.triggers
libasound2-data.list
libasound2-data.md5sums
libasound2-plugins:amd64.list
libasound2-plugins:amd64.md5sums
libaspell15:amd64.list
libaspell15:amd64.md5sums
libaspell15:amd64.shlibs
libaspell15:amd64.triggers
libassuan0:amd64.list
libassuan0:amd64.md5sums
libassuan0:amd64.shlibs
libassuan0:amd64.symbols
libassuan0:amd64.triggers
libasyncns0:amd64.list
libasyncns0:amd64.md5sums
libasyncns0:amd64.shlibs
libasyncns0:amd64.symbols
libasyncns0:amd64.triggers
libatasmart4:amd64.list
libatasmart4:amd64.md5sums
libatasmart4:amd64.shlibs
libatasmart4:amd64.symbols
libatasmart4:amd64.triggers
libatinject-jsr330-api-java.list
libatinject-jsr330-api-java.md5sums
libatk1.0-0:amd64.list
libatk1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libatk1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libatk1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libatk1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libatk1.0-data.list
libatk1.0-data.md5sums
libatk-adaptor:amd64.conffiles
libatk-adaptor:amd64.list
libatk-adaptor:amd64.md5sums
libatk-bridge2.0-0:amd64.list
libatk-bridge2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libatk-bridge2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libatk-bridge2.0-0:amd64.symbols
libatk-bridge2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libatkmm-1.6-1v5:amd64.list
libatkmm-1.6-1v5:amd64.md5sums
libatkmm-1.6-1v5:amd64.shlibs
libatkmm-1.6-1v5:amd64.triggers
libatk-wrapper-java-jni:amd64.list
libatk-wrapper-java-jni:amd64.md5sums
libatk-wrapper-java-jni:amd64.shlibs
libatk-wrapper-java-jni:amd64.triggers
libatk-wrapper-java.list
libatk-wrapper-java.md5sums
libatm1:amd64.list
libatm1:amd64.md5sums
libatm1:amd64.shlibs
libatm1:amd64.symbols
libatm1:amd64.triggers
libatomic1:amd64.list
libatomic1:amd64.md5sums
libatomic1:amd64.shlibs
libatomic1:amd64.symbols
libatomic1:amd64.triggers
libatspi2.0-0:amd64.list
libatspi2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libatspi2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libatspi2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libattr1:amd64.list
libattr1:amd64.md5sums
libattr1:amd64.shlibs
libattr1:amd64.triggers
libaudio2:amd64.list
libaudio2:amd64.md5sums
libaudio2:amd64.shlibs
libaudio2:amd64.triggers
libaudit1:amd64.list
libaudit1:amd64.md5sums
libaudit1:amd64.shlibs
libaudit1:amd64.symbols
libaudit1:amd64.triggers
libaudit-common.conffiles
libaudit-common.list
libaudit-common.md5sums
libauthen-sasl-perl.list
libauthen-sasl-perl.md5sums
libavahi-client3:amd64.list
libavahi-client3:amd64.md5sums
libavahi-client3:amd64.shlibs
libavahi-client3:amd64.symbols
libavahi-client3:amd64.triggers
libavahi-common3:amd64.list
libavahi-common3:amd64.md5sums
libavahi-common3:amd64.shlibs
libavahi-common3:amd64.symbols
libavahi-common3:amd64.triggers
libavahi-common-data:amd64.list
libavahi-common-data:amd64.md5sums
libavahi-core7:amd64.list
libavahi-core7:amd64.md5sums
libavahi-core7:amd64.shlibs
libavahi-core7:amd64.symbols
libavahi-core7:amd64.triggers
libavahi-glib1:amd64.list
libavahi-glib1:amd64.md5sums
libavahi-glib1:amd64.shlibs
libavahi-glib1:amd64.symbols
libavahi-glib1:amd64.triggers
libavalon-framework-java.list
libavalon-framework-java.md5sums
libavc1394-0:amd64.list
libavc1394-0:amd64.md5sums
libavc1394-0:amd64.shlibs
libavc1394-0:amd64.symbols
libavc1394-0:amd64.triggers
libavcodec57:amd64.list
libavcodec57:amd64.md5sums
libavcodec57:amd64.shlibs
libavcodec57:amd64.triggers
libavcodec-dev:amd64.list
libavcodec-dev:amd64.md5sums
libavformat57:amd64.list
libavformat57:amd64.md5sums
libavformat57:amd64.shlibs
libavformat57:amd64.triggers
libavformat-dev:amd64.list
libavformat-dev:amd64.md5sums
libavresample3:amd64.list
libavresample3:amd64.md5sums
libavresample3:amd64.shlibs
libavresample3:amd64.triggers
libavresample-dev:amd64.list
libavresample-dev:amd64.md5sums
libavutil55:amd64.list
libavutil55:amd64.md5sums
libavutil55:amd64.shlibs
libavutil55:amd64.triggers
libavutil-dev:amd64.list
libavutil-dev:amd64.md5sums
libbabeltrace1:amd64.list
libbabeltrace1:amd64.md5sums
libbabeltrace1:amd64.shlibs
libbabeltrace1:amd64.symbols
libbabeltrace1:amd64.triggers
libbatik-java.list
libbatik-java.md5sums
libbdplus0:amd64.list
libbdplus0:amd64.md5sums
libbdplus0:amd64.shlibs
libbdplus0:amd64.symbols
libbdplus0:amd64.triggers
libbind9-160:amd64.list
libbind9-160:amd64.md5sums
libbind9-160:amd64.shlibs
libbind9-160:amd64.symbols
libbind9-160:amd64.triggers
libbinutils:amd64.list
libbinutils:amd64.md5sums
libbinutils:amd64.shlibs
libbinutils:amd64.triggers
libblas3:amd64.list
libblas3:amd64.md5sums
libblas3:amd64.postinst
libblas3:amd64.preinst
libblas3:amd64.prerm
libblas3:amd64.shlibs
libblas-dev:amd64.list
libblas-dev:amd64.md5sums
libblas-dev:amd64.postinst
libblas-dev:amd64.preinst
libblas-dev:amd64.prerm
libblkid1:amd64.list
libblkid1:amd64.md5sums
libblkid1:amd64.shlibs
libblkid1:amd64.symbols
libblkid1:amd64.triggers
libblockdev2:amd64.conffiles
libblockdev2:amd64.list
libblockdev2:amd64.md5sums
libblockdev2:amd64.shlibs
libblockdev2:amd64.symbols
libblockdev2:amd64.triggers
libblockdev-crypto2:amd64.list
libblockdev-crypto2:amd64.md5sums
libblockdev-crypto2:amd64.shlibs
libblockdev-crypto2:amd64.symbols
libblockdev-crypto2:amd64.triggers
libblockdev-fs2:amd64.list
libblockdev-fs2:amd64.md5sums
libblockdev-fs2:amd64.shlibs
libblockdev-fs2:amd64.symbols
libblockdev-fs2:amd64.triggers
libblockdev-loop2:amd64.list
libblockdev-loop2:amd64.md5sums
libblockdev-loop2:amd64.shlibs
libblockdev-loop2:amd64.symbols
libblockdev-loop2:amd64.triggers
libblockdev-part2:amd64.list
libblockdev-part2:amd64.md5sums
libblockdev-part2:amd64.shlibs
libblockdev-part2:amd64.symbols
libblockdev-part2:amd64.triggers
libblockdev-part-err2:amd64.list
libblockdev-part-err2:amd64.md5sums
libblockdev-part-err2:amd64.shlibs
libblockdev-part-err2:amd64.symbols
libblockdev-part-err2:amd64.triggers
libblockdev-swap2:amd64.list
libblockdev-swap2:amd64.md5sums
libblockdev-swap2:amd64.shlibs
libblockdev-swap2:amd64.symbols
libblockdev-swap2:amd64.triggers
libblockdev-utils2:amd64.list
libblockdev-utils2:amd64.md5sums
libblockdev-utils2:amd64.shlibs
libblockdev-utils2:amd64.symbols
libblockdev-utils2:amd64.triggers
libbluetooth3:amd64.list
libbluetooth3:amd64.md5sums
libbluetooth3:amd64.shlibs
libbluetooth3:amd64.symbols
libbluetooth3:amd64.triggers
libbluray2:amd64.list
libbluray2:amd64.md5sums
libbluray2:amd64.shlibs
libbluray2:amd64.symbols
libbluray2:amd64.triggers
libboost-date-time1.65.1:amd64.list
libboost-date-time1.65.1:amd64.md5sums
libboost-date-time1.65.1:amd64.shlibs
libboost-date-time1.65.1:amd64.triggers
libboost-filesystem1.65.1:amd64.list
libboost-filesystem1.65.1:amd64.md5sums
libboost-filesystem1.65.1:amd64.shlibs
libboost-filesystem1.65.1:amd64.triggers
libboost-iostreams1.65.1:amd64.list
libboost-iostreams1.65.1:amd64.md5sums
libboost-iostreams1.65.1:amd64.shlibs
libboost-iostreams1.65.1:amd64.triggers
libboost-locale1.65.1:amd64.list
libboost-locale1.65.1:amd64.md5sums
libboost-locale1.65.1:amd64.shlibs
libboost-locale1.65.1:amd64.triggers
libboost-system1.65.1:amd64.list
libboost-system1.65.1:amd64.md5sums
libboost-system1.65.1:amd64.shlibs
libboost-system1.65.1:amd64.triggers
libboost-thread1.65.1:amd64.list
libboost-thread1.65.1:amd64.md5sums
libboost-thread1.65.1:amd64.shlibs
libboost-thread1.65.1:amd64.triggers
libbrlapi0.6:amd64.list
libbrlapi0.6:amd64.md5sums
libbrlapi0.6:amd64.shlibs
libbrlapi0.6:amd64.triggers
libbrotli1:amd64.list
libbrotli1:amd64.md5sums
libbrotli1:amd64.shlibs
libbrotli1:amd64.symbols
libbrotli1:amd64.triggers
libbsd0:amd64.list
libbsd0:amd64.md5sums
libbsd0:amd64.shlibs
libbsd0:amd64.symbols
libbsd0:amd64.triggers
libbsd-dev:amd64.list
libbsd-dev:amd64.md5sums
libbsf-java.list
libbsf-java.md5sums
libbsh-java.list
libbsh-java.md5sums
libbz2-1.0:amd64.list
libbz2-1.0:amd64.md5sums
libbz2-1.0:amd64.shlibs
libbz2-1.0:amd64.triggers
libbz2-dev:amd64.list
libbz2-dev:amd64.md5sums
libc6:amd64.conffiles
libc6:amd64.list
libc6:amd64.md5sums
libc6:amd64.postinst
libc6:amd64.postrm
libc6:amd64.preinst
libc6:amd64.shlibs
libc6:amd64.symbols
libc6:amd64.templates
libc6:amd64.triggers
libc6-dbg:amd64.list
libc6-dbg:amd64.md5sums
libc6-dev:amd64.list
libc6-dev:amd64.md5sums
libc6-i386.conffiles
libc6-i386.list
libc6-i386.md5sums
libc6-i386.postrm
libc6-i386.shlibs
libc6-i386.symbols
libc6-i386.triggers
libcaca0:amd64.list
libcaca0:amd64.md5sums
libcaca0:amd64.shlibs
libcaca0:amd64.triggers
libcacard0:amd64.list
libcacard0:amd64.md5sums
libcacard0:amd64.shlibs
libcacard0:amd64.symbols
libcacard0:amd64.triggers
libcairo2:amd64.list
libcairo2:amd64.md5sums
libcairo2:amd64.shlibs
libcairo2:amd64.symbols
libcairo2:amd64.triggers
libcairo-gobject2:amd64.list
libcairo-gobject2:amd64.md5sums
libcairo-gobject2:amd64.shlibs
libcairo-gobject2:amd64.symbols
libcairo-gobject2:amd64.triggers
libcairo-gobject-perl.list
libcairo-gobject-perl.md5sums
libcairomm-1.0-1v5:amd64.list
libcairomm-1.0-1v5:amd64.md5sums
libcairomm-1.0-1v5:amd64.shlibs
libcairomm-1.0-1v5:amd64.triggers
libcairo-perl.list
libcairo-perl.md5sums
libcamd2:amd64.list
libcamd2:amd64.md5sums
libcamd2:amd64.shlibs
libcamd2:amd64.symbols
libcamd2:amd64.triggers
libcamel-1.2-61:amd64.list
libcamel-1.2-61:amd64.md5sums
libcamel-1.2-61:amd64.shlibs
libcamel-1.2-61:amd64.symbols
libcamel-1.2-61:amd64.triggers
libcanberra0:amd64.list
libcanberra0:amd64.md5sums
libcanberra0:amd64.shlibs
libcanberra0:amd64.symbols
libcanberra0:amd64.triggers
libcanberra-gtk3-0:amd64.list
libcanberra-gtk3-0:amd64.md5sums
libcanberra-gtk3-0:amd64.shlibs
libcanberra-gtk3-0:amd64.symbols
libcanberra-gtk3-0:amd64.triggers
libcanberra-gtk3-module:amd64.list
libcanberra-gtk3-module:amd64.md5sums
libcanberra-gtk3-module:amd64.preinst
libcanberra-pulse:amd64.list
libcanberra-pulse:amd64.md5sums
libcap2:amd64.list
libcap2:amd64.md5sums
libcap2:amd64.shlibs
libcap2:amd64.symbols
libcap2:amd64.triggers
libcap2-bin.list
libcap2-bin.md5sums
libcap-ng0:amd64.list
libcap-ng0:amd64.md5sums
libcap-ng0:amd64.shlibs
libcap-ng0:amd64.triggers
libc-ares2:amd64.list
libc-ares2:amd64.md5sums
libc-ares2:amd64.shlibs
libc-ares2:amd64.symbols
libc-ares2:amd64.triggers
libc-bin.conffiles
libc-bin.list
libc-bin.md5sums
libc-bin.postinst
libc-bin.triggers
libcc1-0:amd64.list
libcc1-0:amd64.md5sums
libcc1-0:amd64.shlibs
libcc1-0:amd64.symbols
libcc1-0:amd64.triggers
libccolamd2:amd64.list
libccolamd2:amd64.md5sums
libccolamd2:amd64.shlibs
libccolamd2:amd64.symbols
libccolamd2:amd64.triggers
libc-dev-bin.list
libc-dev-bin.md5sums
libcdi-api-java.list
libcdi-api-java.md5sums
libcdio17:amd64.list
libcdio17:amd64.md5sums
libcdio17:amd64.shlibs
libcdio17:amd64.symbols
libcdio17:amd64.triggers
libcdio-cdda2:amd64.list
libcdio-cdda2:amd64.md5sums
libcdio-cdda2:amd64.shlibs
libcdio-cdda2:amd64.symbols
libcdio-cdda2:amd64.triggers
libcdio-paranoia2:amd64.list
libcdio-paranoia2:amd64.md5sums
libcdio-paranoia2:amd64.shlibs
libcdio-paranoia2:amd64.symbols
libcdio-paranoia2:amd64.triggers
libcdparanoia0:amd64.list
libcdparanoia0:amd64.md5sums
libcdparanoia0:amd64.shlibs
libcdparanoia0:amd64.triggers
libcdr-0.1-1:amd64.list
libcdr-0.1-1:amd64.md5sums
libcdr-0.1-1:amd64.shlibs
libcdr-0.1-1:amd64.triggers
libcgi-fast-perl.list
libcgi-fast-perl.md5sums
libcgi-pm-perl.list
libcgi-pm-perl.md5sums
libcglib-java.list
libcglib-java.md5sums
libcharls1:amd64.list
libcharls1:amd64.md5sums
libcharls1:amd64.shlibs
libcharls1:amd64.symbols
libcharls1:amd64.triggers
libcheese8:amd64.list
libcheese8:amd64.md5sums
libcheese8:amd64.shlibs
libcheese8:amd64.symbols
libcheese8:amd64.triggers
libcheese-gtk25:amd64.list
libcheese-gtk25:amd64.md5sums
libcheese-gtk25:amd64.shlibs
libcheese-gtk25:amd64.symbols
libcheese-gtk25:amd64.triggers
libcholmod3:amd64.list
libcholmod3:amd64.md5sums
libcholmod3:amd64.shlibs
libcholmod3:amd64.symbols
libcholmod3:amd64.triggers
libchromaprint1:amd64.list
libchromaprint1:amd64.md5sums
libchromaprint1:amd64.shlibs
libchromaprint1:amd64.symbols
libchromaprint1:amd64.triggers
libcilkrts5:amd64.list
libcilkrts5:amd64.md5sums
libcilkrts5:amd64.shlibs
libcilkrts5:amd64.symbols
libcilkrts5:amd64.triggers
libclang1-6.0:amd64.list
libclang1-6.0:amd64.md5sums
libclang1-6.0:amd64.shlibs
libclang1-6.0:amd64.symbols
libclang1-6.0:amd64.triggers
libclang-6.0-dev.list
libclang-6.0-dev.md5sums
libclang-common-6.0-dev.list
libclang-common-6.0-dev.md5sums
libclang-dev.list
libclang-dev.md5sums
libclass-accessor-perl.list
libclass-accessor-perl.md5sums
libclone-perl.list
libclone-perl.md5sums
libclucene-contribs1v5:amd64.list
libclucene-contribs1v5:amd64.md5sums
libclucene-contribs1v5:amd64.shlibs
libclucene-contribs1v5:amd64.triggers
libclucene-core1v5:amd64.list
libclucene-core1v5:amd64.md5sums
libclucene-core1v5:amd64.shlibs
libclucene-core1v5:amd64.triggers
libclutter-1.0-0:amd64.list
libclutter-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libclutter-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libclutter-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libclutter-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libclutter-1.0-common.list
libclutter-1.0-common.md5sums
libclutter-gst-3.0-0:amd64.list
libclutter-gst-3.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libclutter-gst-3.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libclutter-gst-3.0-0:amd64.symbols
libclutter-gst-3.0-0:amd64.triggers
libclutter-gtk-1.0-0:amd64.list
libclutter-gtk-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libclutter-gtk-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libclutter-gtk-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libclutter-gtk-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libcmis-0.5-5v5.list
libcmis-0.5-5v5.md5sums
libcmis-0.5-5v5.shlibs
libcmis-0.5-5v5.triggers
libcodeblocks0.list
libcodeblocks0.md5sums
libcodeblocks0.shlibs
libcodeblocks0.triggers
libcodemodel-java.list
libcodemodel-java.md5sums
libcogl20:amd64.list
libcogl20:amd64.md5sums
libcogl20:amd64.shlibs
libcogl20:amd64.symbols
libcogl20:amd64.triggers
libcogl-common.list
libcogl-common.md5sums
libcogl-pango20:amd64.list
libcogl-pango20:amd64.md5sums
libcogl-pango20:amd64.shlibs
libcogl-pango20:amd64.symbols
libcogl-pango20:amd64.triggers
libcogl-path20:amd64.list
libcogl-path20:amd64.md5sums
libcogl-path20:amd64.shlibs
libcogl-path20:amd64.symbols
libcogl-path20:amd64.triggers
libcolamd2:amd64.list
libcolamd2:amd64.md5sums
libcolamd2:amd64.shlibs
libcolamd2:amd64.symbols
libcolamd2:amd64.triggers
libcolord2:amd64.list
libcolord2:amd64.md5sums
libcolord2:amd64.shlibs
libcolord2:amd64.symbols
libcolord2:amd64.triggers
libcolord-gtk1:amd64.list
libcolord-gtk1:amd64.md5sums
libcolord-gtk1:amd64.shlibs
libcolord-gtk1:amd64.symbols
libcolord-gtk1:amd64.triggers
libcolorhug2:amd64.list
libcolorhug2:amd64.md5sums
libcolorhug2:amd64.shlibs
libcolorhug2:amd64.symbols
libcolorhug2:amd64.triggers
libcom-err2:amd64.list
libcom-err2:amd64.md5sums
libcom-err2:amd64.shlibs
libcom-err2:amd64.symbols
libcom-err2:amd64.triggers
libcommons-cli-java.list
libcommons-cli-java.md5sums
libcommons-codec-java.list
libcommons-codec-java.md5sums
libcommons-compress-java.list
libcommons-compress-java.md5sums
libcommons-io-java.list
libcommons-io-java.md5sums
libcommons-lang3-java.list
libcommons-lang3-java.md5sums
libcommons-logging-java.list
libcommons-logging-java.md5sums
libcommons-parent-java.list
libcommons-parent-java.md5sums
libcrack2:amd64.list
libcrack2:amd64.md5sums
libcrack2:amd64.shlibs
libcrack2:amd64.symbols
libcrack2:amd64.triggers
libcroco3:amd64.list
libcroco3:amd64.md5sums
libcroco3:amd64.shlibs
libcroco3:amd64.symbols
libcroco3:amd64.triggers
libcryptsetup12:amd64.list
libcryptsetup12:amd64.md5sums
libcryptsetup12:amd64.shlibs
libcryptsetup12:amd64.symbols
libcryptsetup12:amd64.triggers
libcrystalhd3:amd64.list
libcrystalhd3:amd64.md5sums
libcrystalhd3:amd64.shlibs
libcrystalhd3:amd64.symbols
libcrystalhd3:amd64.triggers
libctemplate3:amd64.list
libctemplate3:amd64.md5sums
libctemplate3:amd64.shlibs
libctemplate3:amd64.triggers
libcups2:amd64.list
libcups2:amd64.md5sums
libcups2:amd64.shlibs
libcups2:amd64.symbols
libcups2:amd64.triggers
libcupscgi1:amd64.list
libcupscgi1:amd64.md5sums
libcupscgi1:amd64.shlibs
libcupscgi1:amd64.symbols
libcupscgi1:amd64.triggers
libcupsfilters1:amd64.list
libcupsfilters1:amd64.md5sums
libcupsfilters1:amd64.shlibs
libcupsfilters1:amd64.symbols
libcupsfilters1:amd64.triggers
libcupsimage2:amd64.list
libcupsimage2:amd64.md5sums
libcupsimage2:amd64.preinst
libcupsimage2:amd64.shlibs
libcupsimage2:amd64.symbols
libcupsimage2:amd64.triggers
libcupsmime1:amd64.list
libcupsmime1:amd64.md5sums
libcupsmime1:amd64.shlibs
libcupsmime1:amd64.symbols
libcupsmime1:amd64.triggers
libcupsppdc1:amd64.list
libcupsppdc1:amd64.md5sums
libcupsppdc1:amd64.shlibs
libcupsppdc1:amd64.symbols
libcupsppdc1:amd64.triggers
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64.list
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64.md5sums
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64.shlibs
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64.symbols
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64.triggers
libcurl4:amd64.list
libcurl4:amd64.md5sums
libcurl4:amd64.shlibs
libcurl4:amd64.symbols
libcurl4:amd64.triggers
libdaemon0:amd64.list
libdaemon0:amd64.md5sums
libdaemon0:amd64.postinst
libdaemon0:amd64.postrm
libdaemon0:amd64.shlibs
libdaemon0:amd64.symbols
libdap25:amd64.list
libdap25:amd64.md5sums
libdap25:amd64.shlibs
libdap25:amd64.triggers
libdapclient6v5:amd64.list
libdapclient6v5:amd64.md5sums
libdapclient6v5:amd64.shlibs
libdapclient6v5:amd64.triggers
libdata-dump-perl.list
libdata-dump-perl.md5sums
libdatrie1:amd64.list
libdatrie1:amd64.md5sums
libdatrie1:amd64.shlibs
libdatrie1:amd64.symbols
libdatrie1:amd64.triggers
libdazzle-1.0-0:amd64.list
libdazzle-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libdazzle-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libdazzle-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libdazzle-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libdb5.3:amd64.list
libdb5.3:amd64.md5sums
libdb5.3:amd64.shlibs
libdb5.3:amd64.triggers
libdbus-1-3:amd64.list
libdbus-1-3:amd64.md5sums
libdbus-1-3:amd64.shlibs
libdbus-1-3:amd64.symbols
libdbus-1-3:amd64.triggers
libdbus-glib-1-2:amd64.list
libdbus-glib-1-2:amd64.md5sums
libdbus-glib-1-2:amd64.shlibs
libdbus-glib-1-2:amd64.symbols
libdbus-glib-1-2:amd64.triggers
libdbusmenu-glib4:amd64.list
libdbusmenu-glib4:amd64.md5sums
libdbusmenu-glib4:amd64.shlibs
libdbusmenu-glib4:amd64.symbols
libdbusmenu-glib4:amd64.triggers
libdbusmenu-gtk3-4:amd64.list
libdbusmenu-gtk3-4:amd64.md5sums
libdbusmenu-gtk3-4:amd64.shlibs
libdbusmenu-gtk3-4:amd64.symbols
libdbusmenu-gtk3-4:amd64.triggers
libdbusmenu-gtk4:amd64.list
libdbusmenu-gtk4:amd64.md5sums
libdbusmenu-gtk4:amd64.shlibs
libdbusmenu-gtk4:amd64.symbols
libdbusmenu-gtk4:amd64.triggers
libdc1394-22:amd64.list
libdc1394-22:amd64.md5sums
libdc1394-22:amd64.shlibs
libdc1394-22:amd64.triggers
libdc1394-22-dev:amd64.list
libdc1394-22-dev:amd64.md5sums
libdconf1:amd64.list
libdconf1:amd64.md5sums
libdconf1:amd64.shlibs
libdconf1:amd64.symbols
libdconf1:amd64.triggers
libdebconfclient0:amd64.list
libdebconfclient0:amd64.md5sums
libdebconfclient0:amd64.shlibs
libdebconfclient0:amd64.symbols
libdebconfclient0:amd64.triggers
libdee-1.0-4:amd64.list
libdee-1.0-4:amd64.md5sums
libdee-1.0-4:amd64.shlibs
libdee-1.0-4:amd64.symbols
libdee-1.0-4:amd64.triggers
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64.list
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64.md5sums
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64.shlibs
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64.symbols
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64.triggers
libdigest-hmac-perl.list
libdigest-hmac-perl.md5sums
libdjvulibre21:amd64.list
libdjvulibre21:amd64.md5sums
libdjvulibre21:amd64.shlibs
libdjvulibre21:amd64.triggers
libdjvulibre-text.list
libdjvulibre-text.md5sums
libdns1100:amd64.list
libdns1100:amd64.md5sums
libdns1100:amd64.shlibs
libdns1100:amd64.symbols
libdns1100:amd64.triggers
libdns-export1100.list
libdns-export1100.md5sums
libdns-export1100.shlibs
libdns-export1100.triggers
libdom4j-java.list
libdom4j-java.md5sums
libdotconf0:amd64.list
libdotconf0:amd64.md5sums
libdotconf0:amd64.shlibs
libdotconf0:amd64.symbols
libdotconf0:amd64.triggers
libdouble-conversion1:amd64.list
libdouble-conversion1:amd64.md5sums
libdouble-conversion1:amd64.shlibs
libdouble-conversion1:amd64.symbols
libdouble-conversion1:amd64.triggers
libdpkg-perl.list
libdpkg-perl.md5sums
libdrm2:amd64.list
libdrm2:amd64.md5sums
libdrm2:amd64.shlibs
libdrm2:amd64.symbols
libdrm2:amd64.triggers
libdrm-amdgpu1:amd64.list
libdrm-amdgpu1:amd64.md5sums
libdrm-amdgpu1:amd64.shlibs
libdrm-amdgpu1:amd64.symbols
libdrm-amdgpu1:amd64.triggers
libdrm-common.list
libdrm-common.md5sums
libdrm-dev:amd64.list
libdrm-dev:amd64.md5sums
libdrm-intel1:amd64.list
libdrm-intel1:amd64.md5sums
libdrm-intel1:amd64.shlibs
libdrm-intel1:amd64.symbols
libdrm-intel1:amd64.triggers
libdrm-nouveau2:amd64.list
libdrm-nouveau2:amd64.md5sums
libdrm-nouveau2:amd64.shlibs
libdrm-nouveau2:amd64.symbols
libdrm-nouveau2:amd64.triggers
libdrm-radeon1:amd64.list
libdrm-radeon1:amd64.md5sums
libdrm-radeon1:amd64.shlibs
libdrm-radeon1:amd64.symbols
libdrm-radeon1:amd64.triggers
libdtd-parser-java.list
libdtd-parser-java.md5sums
libdv4:amd64.list
libdv4:amd64.md5sums
libdv4:amd64.shlibs
libdv4:amd64.symbols
libdv4:amd64.triggers
libdw1:amd64.list
libdw1:amd64.md5sums
libdw1:amd64.shlibs
libdw1:amd64.symbols
libdw1:amd64.triggers
libebackend-1.2-10:amd64.list
libebackend-1.2-10:amd64.md5sums
libebackend-1.2-10:amd64.shlibs
libebackend-1.2-10:amd64.symbols
libebackend-1.2-10:amd64.triggers
libe-book-0.1-1:amd64.list
libe-book-0.1-1:amd64.md5sums
libe-book-0.1-1:amd64.shlibs
libe-book-0.1-1:amd64.triggers
libebook-1.2-19:amd64.list
libebook-1.2-19:amd64.md5sums
libebook-1.2-19:amd64.shlibs
libebook-1.2-19:amd64.symbols
libebook-1.2-19:amd64.triggers
libebook-contacts-1.2-2:amd64.list
libebook-contacts-1.2-2:amd64.md5sums
libebook-contacts-1.2-2:amd64.shlibs
libebook-contacts-1.2-2:amd64.symbols
libebook-contacts-1.2-2:amd64.triggers
libecal-1.2-19:amd64.list
libecal-1.2-19:amd64.md5sums
libecal-1.2-19:amd64.shlibs
libecal-1.2-19:amd64.symbols
libecal-1.2-19:amd64.triggers
libecj-java.list
libecj-java.md5sums
libedata-book-1.2-25:amd64.list
libedata-book-1.2-25:amd64.md5sums
libedata-book-1.2-25:amd64.shlibs
libedata-book-1.2-25:amd64.symbols
libedata-book-1.2-25:amd64.triggers
libedata-cal-1.2-28:amd64.list
libedata-cal-1.2-28:amd64.md5sums
libedata-cal-1.2-28:amd64.shlibs
libedata-cal-1.2-28:amd64.symbols
libedata-cal-1.2-28:amd64.triggers
libedataserver-1.2-23:amd64.list
libedataserver-1.2-23:amd64.md5sums
libedataserver-1.2-23:amd64.shlibs
libedataserver-1.2-23:amd64.symbols
libedataserver-1.2-23:amd64.triggers
libedataserverui-1.2-2:amd64.list
libedataserverui-1.2-2:amd64.md5sums
libedataserverui-1.2-2:amd64.shlibs
libedataserverui-1.2-2:amd64.symbols
libedataserverui-1.2-2:amd64.triggers
libedit2:amd64.list
libedit2:amd64.md5sums
libedit2:amd64.shlibs
libedit2:amd64.symbols
libedit2:amd64.triggers
libedit-dev:amd64.list
libedit-dev:amd64.md5sums
libefiboot1:amd64.list
libefiboot1:amd64.md5sums
libefiboot1:amd64.shlibs
libefiboot1:amd64.triggers
libefivar1:amd64.list
libefivar1:amd64.md5sums
libefivar1:amd64.shlibs
libefivar1:amd64.triggers
libegl1:amd64.list
libegl1:amd64.md5sums
libegl1:amd64.shlibs
libegl1:amd64.symbols
libegl1:amd64.triggers
libegl1-mesa:amd64.list
libegl1-mesa:amd64.md5sums
libegl-mesa0:amd64.list
libegl-mesa0:amd64.md5sums
libegl-mesa0:amd64.postinst
libegl-mesa0:amd64.shlibs
libegl-mesa0:amd64.symbols
libegl-mesa0:amd64.triggers
libelf1:amd64.list
libelf1:amd64.md5sums
libelf1:amd64.shlibs
libelf1:amd64.symbols
libelf1:amd64.triggers
libemail-valid-perl.list
libemail-valid-perl.md5sums
libenchant1c2a:amd64.list
libenchant1c2a:amd64.md5sums
libenchant1c2a:amd64.shlibs
libenchant1c2a:amd64.symbols
libenchant1c2a:amd64.triggers
libencode-locale-perl.list
libencode-locale-perl.md5sums
libeot0:amd64.list
libeot0:amd64.md5sums
libeot0:amd64.shlibs
libeot0:amd64.triggers
libepoxy0:amd64.list
libepoxy0:amd64.md5sums
libepoxy0:amd64.shlibs
libepoxy0:amd64.symbols
libepoxy0:amd64.triggers
libepsilon1:amd64.list
libepsilon1:amd64.md5sums
libepsilon1:amd64.shlibs
libepsilon1:amd64.symbols
libepsilon1:amd64.triggers
libepubgen-0.1-1:amd64.list
libepubgen-0.1-1:amd64.md5sums
libepubgen-0.1-1:amd64.shlibs
libepubgen-0.1-1:amd64.symbols
libepubgen-0.1-1:amd64.triggers
liberror-perl.list
liberror-perl.md5sums
libespeak-ng1:amd64.list
libespeak-ng1:amd64.md5sums
libespeak-ng1:amd64.shlibs
libespeak-ng1:amd64.triggers
libestr0:amd64.list
libestr0:amd64.md5sums
libestr0:amd64.shlibs
libestr0:amd64.symbols
libestr0:amd64.triggers
libetonyek-0.1-1:amd64.list
libetonyek-0.1-1:amd64.md5sums
libetonyek-0.1-1:amd64.shlibs
libetonyek-0.1-1:amd64.triggers
libevdev2:amd64.list
libevdev2:amd64.md5sums
libevdev2:amd64.shlibs
libevdev2:amd64.symbols
libevdev2:amd64.triggers
libevdocument3-4:amd64.list
libevdocument3-4:amd64.md5sums
libevdocument3-4:amd64.shlibs
libevdocument3-4:amd64.symbols
libevdocument3-4:amd64.triggers
libevent-2.1-6:amd64.list
libevent-2.1-6:amd64.md5sums
libevent-2.1-6:amd64.shlibs
libevent-2.1-6:amd64.symbols
libevent-2.1-6:amd64.triggers
libevent-core-2.1-6:amd64.list
libevent-core-2.1-6:amd64.md5sums
libevent-core-2.1-6:amd64.shlibs
libevent-core-2.1-6:amd64.symbols
libevent-core-2.1-6:amd64.triggers
libevview3-3:amd64.list
libevview3-3:amd64.md5sums
libevview3-3:amd64.shlibs
libevview3-3:amd64.symbols
libevview3-3:amd64.triggers
libexempi3:amd64.list
libexempi3:amd64.md5sums
libexempi3:amd64.shlibs
libexempi3:amd64.triggers
libexif12:amd64.list
libexif12:amd64.md5sums
libexif12:amd64.shlibs
libexif12:amd64.symbols
libexif12:amd64.triggers
libexif-dev:amd64.list
libexif-dev:amd64.md5sums
libexif-doc.list
libexif-doc.md5sums
libexiv2-14:amd64.list
libexiv2-14:amd64.md5sums
libexiv2-14:amd64.shlibs
libexiv2-14:amd64.symbols
libexiv2-14:amd64.triggers
libexpat1:amd64.list
libexpat1:amd64.md5sums
libexpat1:amd64.shlibs
libexpat1:amd64.symbols
libexpat1:amd64.triggers
libexpat1-dev:amd64.list
libexpat1-dev:amd64.md5sums
libexporter-tiny-perl.list
libexporter-tiny-perl.md5sums
libext2fs2:amd64.list
libext2fs2:amd64.md5sums
libext2fs2:amd64.shlibs
libext2fs2:amd64.symbols
libext2fs2:amd64.triggers
libexttextcat-2.0-0:amd64.list
libexttextcat-2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libexttextcat-2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libexttextcat-2.0-0:amd64.symbols
libexttextcat-2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libexttextcat-data.list
libexttextcat-data.md5sums
libfabric1.list
libfabric1.md5sums
libfabric1.shlibs
libfabric1.symbols
libfabric1.triggers
libfakeroot:amd64.conffiles
libfakeroot:amd64.list
libfakeroot:amd64.md5sums
libfakeroot:amd64.shlibs
libfakeroot:amd64.triggers
libfastinfoset-java.list
libfastinfoset-java.md5sums
libfastjson4:amd64.list
libfastjson4:amd64.md5sums
libfastjson4:amd64.shlibs
libfastjson4:amd64.symbols
libfastjson4:amd64.triggers
libfbclient2:amd64.list
libfbclient2:amd64.md5sums
libfbclient2:amd64.shlibs
libfbclient2:amd64.symbols
libfbclient2:amd64.triggers
libfcgi-perl.list
libfcgi-perl.md5sums
libfdisk1:amd64.list
libfdisk1:amd64.md5sums
libfdisk1:amd64.shlibs
libfdisk1:amd64.symbols
libfdisk1:amd64.triggers
libfdt1:amd64.list
libfdt1:amd64.md5sums
libfdt1:amd64.shlibs
libfdt1:amd64.triggers
libffi6:amd64.list
libffi6:amd64.md5sums
libffi6:amd64.shlibs
libffi6:amd64.symbols
libffi6:amd64.triggers
libfftw3-double3:amd64.list
libfftw3-double3:amd64.md5sums
libfftw3-double3:amd64.shlibs
libfftw3-double3:amd64.triggers
libfftw3-single3:amd64.list
libfftw3-single3:amd64.md5sums
libfftw3-single3:amd64.shlibs
libfftw3-single3:amd64.triggers
libfile-basedir-perl.list
libfile-basedir-perl.md5sums
libfile-copy-recursive-perl.list
libfile-copy-recursive-perl.md5sums
libfile-desktopentry-perl.list
libfile-desktopentry-perl.md5sums
libfile-fcntllock-perl.list
libfile-fcntllock-perl.md5sums
libfile-listing-perl.list
libfile-listing-perl.md5sums
libfile-mimeinfo-perl.list
libfile-mimeinfo-perl.md5sums
libfile-stripnondeterminism-perl.list
libfile-stripnondeterminism-perl.md5sums
libfile-which-perl.list
libfile-which-perl.md5sums
libfilezilla0.list
libfilezilla0.md5sums
libfilezilla0.shlibs
libfilezilla0.triggers
libflac8:amd64.list
libflac8:amd64.md5sums
libflac8:amd64.shlibs
libflac8:amd64.symbols
libflac8:amd64.triggers
libflexdock-java.list
libflexdock-java.md5sums
libfont-afm-perl.list
libfont-afm-perl.md5sums
libfontbox-java.list
libfontbox-java.md5sums
libfontconfig1:amd64.list
libfontconfig1:amd64.md5sums
libfontconfig1:amd64.shlibs
libfontconfig1:amd64.triggers
libfontembed1:amd64.list
libfontembed1:amd64.md5sums
libfontembed1:amd64.shlibs
libfontembed1:amd64.symbols
libfontembed1:amd64.triggers
libfontenc1:amd64.list
libfontenc1:amd64.md5sums
libfontenc1:amd64.postinst
libfontenc1:amd64.postrm
libfontenc1:amd64.shlibs
libfop-java.list
libfop-java.md5sums
libfreehand-0.1-1.list
libfreehand-0.1-1.md5sums
libfreehand-0.1-1.shlibs
libfreehand-0.1-1.triggers
libfreehep-export-java.list
libfreehep-export-java.md5sums
libfreehep-graphics2d-java.list
libfreehep-graphics2d-java.md5sums
libfreehep-graphicsio-emf-java.list
libfreehep-graphicsio-emf-java.md5sums
libfreehep-graphicsio-java.list
libfreehep-graphicsio-java.md5sums
libfreehep-graphicsio-tests-java.list
libfreehep-graphicsio-tests-java.md5sums
libfreehep-io-java.list
libfreehep-io-java.md5sums
libfreehep-swing-java.list
libfreehep-swing-java.md5sums
libfreehep-util-java.list
libfreehep-util-java.md5sums
libfreerdp2-2:amd64.list
libfreerdp2-2:amd64.md5sums
libfreerdp2-2:amd64.shlibs
libfreerdp2-2:amd64.symbols
libfreerdp2-2:amd64.triggers
libfreerdp-client2-2:amd64.list
libfreerdp-client2-2:amd64.md5sums
libfreerdp-client2-2:amd64.shlibs
libfreerdp-client2-2:amd64.symbols
libfreerdp-client2-2:amd64.triggers
libfreetype6:amd64.list
libfreetype6:amd64.md5sums
libfreetype6:amd64.shlibs
libfreetype6:amd64.symbols
libfreetype6:amd64.triggers
libfreexl1:amd64.list
libfreexl1:amd64.md5sums
libfreexl1:amd64.shlibs
libfreexl1:amd64.symbols
libfreexl1:amd64.triggers
libfribidi0:amd64.list
libfribidi0:amd64.md5sums
libfribidi0:amd64.shlibs
libfribidi0:amd64.symbols
libfribidi0:amd64.triggers
libfuse2:amd64.list
libfuse2:amd64.md5sums
libfuse2:amd64.shlibs
libfuse2:amd64.symbols
libfuse2:amd64.triggers
libfwup1:amd64.list
libfwup1:amd64.md5sums
libfwup1:amd64.shlibs
libfwup1:amd64.triggers
libfwupd2:amd64.list
libfwupd2:amd64.md5sums
libfwupd2:amd64.shlibs
libfwupd2:amd64.triggers
libfyba0:amd64.list
libfyba0:amd64.md5sums
libfyba0:amd64.shlibs
libfyba0:amd64.triggers
libgail18:amd64.list
libgail18:amd64.md5sums
libgail18:amd64.shlibs
libgail18:amd64.symbols
libgail18:amd64.triggers
libgail-3-0:amd64.list
libgail-3-0:amd64.md5sums
libgail-3-0:amd64.shlibs
libgail-3-0:amd64.symbols
libgail-3-0:amd64.triggers
libgail-common:amd64.list
libgail-common:amd64.md5sums
libgbm1:amd64.list
libgbm1:amd64.md5sums
libgbm1:amd64.shlibs
libgbm1:amd64.symbols
libgbm1:amd64.triggers
libgc1c2:amd64.list
libgc1c2:amd64.md5sums
libgc1c2:amd64.shlibs
libgc1c2:amd64.symbols
libgc1c2:amd64.triggers
libgcab-1.0-0:amd64.list
libgcab-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgcab-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgcab-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgcab-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgcc1:amd64.list
libgcc1:amd64.md5sums
libgcc1:amd64.postinst
libgcc1:amd64.shlibs
libgcc1:amd64.symbols
libgcc1:amd64.triggers
libgcc-7-dev:amd64.list
libgcc-7-dev:amd64.md5sums
libgck-1-0:amd64.list
libgck-1-0:amd64.md5sums
libgck-1-0:amd64.shlibs
libgck-1-0:amd64.symbols
libgck-1-0:amd64.triggers
libgconf-2-4:amd64.list
libgconf-2-4:amd64.md5sums
libgconf-2-4:amd64.shlibs
libgconf-2-4:amd64.symbols
libgconf-2-4:amd64.triggers
libgcr-base-3-1:amd64.list
libgcr-base-3-1:amd64.md5sums
libgcr-base-3-1:amd64.shlibs
libgcr-base-3-1:amd64.symbols
libgcr-base-3-1:amd64.triggers
libgcr-ui-3-1:amd64.list
libgcr-ui-3-1:amd64.md5sums
libgcr-ui-3-1:amd64.shlibs
libgcr-ui-3-1:amd64.symbols
libgcr-ui-3-1:amd64.triggers
libgcrypt20:amd64.list
libgcrypt20:amd64.md5sums
libgcrypt20:amd64.shlibs
libgcrypt20:amd64.symbols
libgcrypt20:amd64.triggers
libgd3:amd64.list
libgd3:amd64.md5sums
libgd3:amd64.shlibs
libgd3:amd64.symbols
libgd3:amd64.triggers
libgdal20.list
libgdal20.md5sums
libgdal20.shlibs
libgdal20.symbols
libgdal20.triggers
libgdata22:amd64.list
libgdata22:amd64.md5sums
libgdata22:amd64.shlibs
libgdata22:amd64.symbols
libgdata22:amd64.triggers
libgdata-common.list
libgdata-common.md5sums
libgdbm5:amd64.list
libgdbm5:amd64.md5sums
libgdbm5:amd64.shlibs
libgdbm5:amd64.symbols
libgdbm5:amd64.triggers
libgdbm-compat4:amd64.list
libgdbm-compat4:amd64.md5sums
libgdbm-compat4:amd64.shlibs
libgdbm-compat4:amd64.triggers
libgdcm2.8:amd64.list
libgdcm2.8:amd64.md5sums
libgdcm2.8:amd64.shlibs
libgdcm2.8:amd64.triggers
libgdcm2-dev.list
libgdcm2-dev.md5sums
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64.list
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64.postinst
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64.postrm
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-bin.list
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-bin.md5sums
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common.list
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common.md5sums
libgdm1.list
libgdm1.md5sums
libgdm1.shlibs
libgdm1.symbols
libgdm1.triggers
libgee-0.8-2:amd64.list
libgee-0.8-2:amd64.md5sums
libgee-0.8-2:amd64.shlibs
libgee-0.8-2:amd64.symbols
libgee-0.8-2:amd64.triggers
libgeoclue-2-0:amd64.list
libgeoclue-2-0:amd64.md5sums
libgeoclue-2-0:amd64.shlibs
libgeoclue-2-0:amd64.symbols
libgeoclue-2-0:amd64.triggers
libgeocode-glib0:amd64.list
libgeocode-glib0:amd64.md5sums
libgeocode-glib0:amd64.shlibs
libgeocode-glib0:amd64.symbols
libgeocode-glib0:amd64.triggers
libgeoip1:amd64.list
libgeoip1:amd64.md5sums
libgeoip1:amd64.shlibs
libgeoip1:amd64.triggers
libgeos-3.6.2:amd64.list
libgeos-3.6.2:amd64.md5sums
libgeos-3.6.2:amd64.shlibs
libgeos-3.6.2:amd64.symbols
libgeos-3.6.2:amd64.triggers
libgeos-c1v5:amd64.list
libgeos-c1v5:amd64.md5sums
libgeos-c1v5:amd64.shlibs
libgeos-c1v5:amd64.symbols
libgeos-c1v5:amd64.triggers
libgeotiff2:amd64.list
libgeotiff2:amd64.md5sums
libgeotiff2:amd64.shlibs
libgeotiff2:amd64.symbols
libgeotiff2:amd64.triggers
libgeronimo-annotation-1.3-spec-java.list
libgeronimo-annotation-1.3-spec-java.md5sums
libgeronimo-interceptor-3.0-spec-java.list
libgeronimo-interceptor-3.0-spec-java.md5sums
libgexiv2-2:amd64.list
libgexiv2-2:amd64.md5sums
libgexiv2-2:amd64.shlibs
libgexiv2-2:amd64.symbols
libgexiv2-2:amd64.triggers
libgfortran4:amd64.list
libgfortran4:amd64.md5sums
libgfortran4:amd64.shlibs
libgfortran4:amd64.symbols
libgfortran4:amd64.triggers
libgfortran-7-dev:amd64.list
libgfortran-7-dev:amd64.md5sums
libgif7:amd64.list
libgif7:amd64.md5sums
libgif7:amd64.shlibs
libgif7:amd64.symbols
libgif7:amd64.triggers
libgirepository-1.0-1:amd64.list
libgirepository-1.0-1:amd64.md5sums
libgirepository-1.0-1:amd64.shlibs
libgirepository-1.0-1:amd64.symbols
libgirepository-1.0-1:amd64.triggers
libgjs0g.list
libgjs0g.md5sums
libgjs0g.shlibs
libgjs0g.triggers
libgl1:amd64.list
libgl1:amd64.md5sums
libgl1:amd64.shlibs
libgl1:amd64.symbols
libgl1:amd64.triggers
libgl1-mesa-dev:amd64.list
libgl1-mesa-dev:amd64.md5sums
libgl1-mesa-dri:amd64.list
libgl1-mesa-dri:amd64.md5sums
libgl1-mesa-glx:amd64.list
libgl1-mesa-glx:amd64.md5sums
libgl2ps1.4.list
libgl2ps1.4.md5sums
libgl2ps1.4.shlibs
libgl2ps1.4.triggers
libglapi-mesa:amd64.list
libglapi-mesa:amd64.md5sums
libglapi-mesa:amd64.shlibs
libglapi-mesa:amd64.triggers
libgles1:amd64.list
libgles1:amd64.md5sums
libgles1:amd64.shlibs
libgles1:amd64.triggers
libgles2:amd64.list
libgles2:amd64.md5sums
libgles2:amd64.shlibs
libgles2:amd64.symbols
libgles2:amd64.triggers
libglib2.0-0:amd64.list
libglib2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libglib2.0-0:amd64.postinst
libglib2.0-0:amd64.postrm
libglib2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libglib2.0-0:amd64.symbols
libglib2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libglib2.0-bin.list
libglib2.0-bin.md5sums
libglib2.0-data.list
libglib2.0-data.md5sums
libglib2.0-dev:amd64.list
libglib2.0-dev:amd64.md5sums
libglib2.0-dev:amd64.prerm
libglib2.0-dev-bin.list
libglib2.0-dev-bin.md5sums
libglib2.0-dev-bin.postinst
libglib2.0-dev-bin.prerm
libglibmm-2.4-1v5:amd64.list
libglibmm-2.4-1v5:amd64.md5sums
libglibmm-2.4-1v5:amd64.shlibs
libglibmm-2.4-1v5:amd64.triggers
libglib-object-introspection-perl.list
libglib-object-introspection-perl.md5sums
libglib-perl.list
libglib-perl.md5sums
libglu1-mesa:amd64.list
libglu1-mesa:amd64.md5sums
libglu1-mesa:amd64.shlibs
libglu1-mesa:amd64.triggers
libgluegen2-jni.list
libgluegen2-jni.md5sums
libgluegen2-rt-java.list
libgluegen2-rt-java.md5sums
libglvnd0:amd64.list
libglvnd0:amd64.md5sums
libglvnd0:amd64.shlibs
libglvnd0:amd64.symbols
libglvnd0:amd64.triggers
libglvnd-core-dev:amd64.list
libglvnd-core-dev:amd64.md5sums
libglvnd-dev:amd64.list
libglvnd-dev:amd64.md5sums
libglx0:amd64.list
libglx0:amd64.md5sums
libglx0:amd64.shlibs
libglx0:amd64.symbols
libglx0:amd64.triggers
libglx-mesa0:amd64.list
libglx-mesa0:amd64.md5sums
libglx-mesa0:amd64.postinst
libglx-mesa0:amd64.shlibs
libglx-mesa0:amd64.symbols
libglx-mesa0:amd64.triggers
libgme0:amd64.list
libgme0:amd64.md5sums
libgme0:amd64.shlibs
libgme0:amd64.symbols
libgme0:amd64.triggers
libgmime-3.0-0:amd64.list
libgmime-3.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgmime-3.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgmime-3.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgmime-3.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgmp10:amd64.list
libgmp10:amd64.md5sums
libgmp10:amd64.shlibs
libgmp10:amd64.symbols
libgmp10:amd64.triggers
libgmp-dev:amd64.list
libgmp-dev:amd64.md5sums
libgmpxx4ldbl:amd64.list
libgmpxx4ldbl:amd64.md5sums
libgmpxx4ldbl:amd64.shlibs
libgmpxx4ldbl:amd64.triggers
libgnome-autoar-0-0:amd64.list
libgnome-autoar-0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgnome-autoar-0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgnome-autoar-0-0:amd64.symbols
libgnome-autoar-0-0:amd64.triggers
libgnome-bluetooth13:amd64.list
libgnome-bluetooth13:amd64.md5sums
libgnome-bluetooth13:amd64.shlibs
libgnome-bluetooth13:amd64.symbols
libgnome-bluetooth13:amd64.triggers
libgnome-desktop-3-17:amd64.list
libgnome-desktop-3-17:amd64.md5sums
libgnome-desktop-3-17:amd64.shlibs
libgnome-desktop-3-17:amd64.symbols
libgnome-desktop-3-17:amd64.triggers
libgnomekbd8:amd64.list
libgnomekbd8:amd64.md5sums
libgnomekbd8:amd64.shlibs
libgnomekbd8:amd64.symbols
libgnomekbd8:amd64.triggers
libgnomekbd-common.list
libgnomekbd-common.md5sums
libgnome-keyring0:amd64.list
libgnome-keyring0:amd64.md5sums
libgnome-keyring0:amd64.postinst
libgnome-keyring0:amd64.postrm
libgnome-keyring0:amd64.shlibs
libgnome-keyring0:amd64.symbols
libgnome-keyring-common.list
libgnome-keyring-common.md5sums
libgnome-menu-3-0:amd64.list
libgnome-menu-3-0:amd64.md5sums
libgnome-menu-3-0:amd64.shlibs
libgnome-menu-3-0:amd64.symbols
libgnome-menu-3-0:amd64.triggers
libgnutls30:amd64.list
libgnutls30:amd64.md5sums
libgnutls30:amd64.shlibs
libgnutls30:amd64.symbols
libgnutls30:amd64.triggers
libgoa-1.0-0b:amd64.list
libgoa-1.0-0b:amd64.md5sums
libgoa-1.0-0b:amd64.shlibs
libgoa-1.0-0b:amd64.symbols
libgoa-1.0-0b:amd64.triggers
libgoa-1.0-common.list
libgoa-1.0-common.md5sums
libgoa-backend-1.0-1:amd64.list
libgoa-backend-1.0-1:amd64.md5sums
libgoa-backend-1.0-1:amd64.shlibs
libgoa-backend-1.0-1:amd64.symbols
libgoa-backend-1.0-1:amd64.triggers
libgom-1.0-0:amd64.list
libgom-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgom-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgom-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgom-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgomp1:amd64.list
libgomp1:amd64.md5sums
libgomp1:amd64.shlibs
libgomp1:amd64.symbols
libgomp1:amd64.triggers
libgpg-error0:amd64.list
libgpg-error0:amd64.md5sums
libgpg-error0:amd64.shlibs
libgpg-error0:amd64.symbols
libgpg-error0:amd64.triggers
libgpgme11:amd64.list
libgpgme11:amd64.md5sums
libgpgme11:amd64.shlibs
libgpgme11:amd64.symbols
libgpgme11:amd64.triggers
libgpgmepp6:amd64.list
libgpgmepp6:amd64.md5sums
libgpgmepp6:amd64.shlibs
libgpgmepp6:amd64.triggers
libgphoto2-6:amd64.list
libgphoto2-6:amd64.md5sums
libgphoto2-6:amd64.shlibs
libgphoto2-6:amd64.symbols
libgphoto2-6:amd64.triggers
libgphoto2-dev:amd64.list
libgphoto2-dev:amd64.md5sums
libgphoto2-l10n.list
libgphoto2-l10n.md5sums
libgphoto2-port12:amd64.list
libgphoto2-port12:amd64.md5sums
libgphoto2-port12:amd64.shlibs
libgphoto2-port12:amd64.symbols
libgphoto2-port12:amd64.triggers
libgpm2:amd64.list
libgpm2:amd64.md5sums
libgpm2:amd64.shlibs
libgpm2:amd64.symbols
libgpm2:amd64.triggers
libgpod4:amd64.list
libgpod4:amd64.md5sums
libgpod4:amd64.shlibs
libgpod4:amd64.symbols
libgpod4:amd64.triggers
libgpod-common.list
libgpod-common.md5sums
libgraphene-1.0-0:amd64.list
libgraphene-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgraphene-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgraphene-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgraphene-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgraphite2-3:amd64.list
libgraphite2-3:amd64.md5sums
libgraphite2-3:amd64.shlibs
libgraphite2-3:amd64.triggers
libgraphite2-dev:amd64.list
libgraphite2-dev:amd64.md5sums
libgrilo-0.3-0:amd64.list
libgrilo-0.3-0:amd64.md5sums
libgrilo-0.3-0:amd64.shlibs
libgrilo-0.3-0:amd64.symbols
libgrilo-0.3-0:amd64.triggers
libgs9:amd64.list
libgs9:amd64.md5sums
libgs9:amd64.shlibs
libgs9:amd64.symbols
libgs9:amd64.triggers
libgs9-common.list
libgs9-common.md5sums
libgs9-common.postinst
libgs9-common.postrm
libgs9-common.preinst
libgs9-common.prerm
libgsm1:amd64.list
libgsm1:amd64.md5sums
libgsm1:amd64.shlibs
libgsm1:amd64.triggers
libgspell-1-1:amd64.list
libgspell-1-1:amd64.md5sums
libgspell-1-1:amd64.shlibs
libgspell-1-1:amd64.symbols
libgspell-1-1:amd64.triggers
libgspell-1-common.list
libgspell-1-common.md5sums
libgssapi3-heimdal:amd64.list
libgssapi3-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libgssapi3-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libgssapi3-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libgssapi3-heimdal:amd64.triggers
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64.list
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64.md5sums
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64.postinst
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64.postrm
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64.shlibs
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64.symbols
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64.triggers
libgstreamer1.0-0:amd64.list
libgstreamer1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgstreamer1.0-0:amd64.postinst
libgstreamer1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgstreamer1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgstreamer1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:amd64.list
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:amd64.list
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-0:amd64.list
libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgtk2.0-0:amd64.list
libgtk2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgtk2.0-0:amd64.postinst
libgtk2.0-0:amd64.postrm
libgtk2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgtk2.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgtk2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libgtk2.0-bin.list
libgtk2.0-bin.md5sums
libgtk2.0-common.conffiles
libgtk2.0-common.list
libgtk2.0-common.md5sums
libgtk-3-0:amd64.conffiles
libgtk-3-0:amd64.list
libgtk-3-0:amd64.md5sums
libgtk-3-0:amd64.postinst
libgtk-3-0:amd64.postrm
libgtk-3-0:amd64.shlibs
libgtk-3-0:amd64.symbols
libgtk-3-0:amd64.triggers
libgtk-3-bin.list
libgtk-3-bin.md5sums
libgtk-3-common.conffiles
libgtk-3-common.list
libgtk-3-common.md5sums
libgtk3-perl.list
libgtk3-perl.md5sums
libgtkmm-2.4-1v5:amd64.list
libgtkmm-2.4-1v5:amd64.md5sums
libgtkmm-2.4-1v5:amd64.shlibs
libgtkmm-2.4-1v5:amd64.triggers
libgtksourceview-3.0-1:amd64.list
libgtksourceview-3.0-1:amd64.md5sums
libgtksourceview-3.0-1:amd64.shlibs
libgtksourceview-3.0-1:amd64.symbols
libgtksourceview-3.0-1:amd64.triggers
libgtksourceview-3.0-common.list
libgtksourceview-3.0-common.md5sums
libgtop-2.0-11:amd64.list
libgtop-2.0-11:amd64.md5sums
libgtop-2.0-11:amd64.shlibs
libgtop-2.0-11:amd64.symbols
libgtop-2.0-11:amd64.triggers
libgtop2-common.list
libgtop2-common.md5sums
libguava-java.list
libguava-java.md5sums
libgudev-1.0-0:amd64.list
libgudev-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libgudev-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libgudev-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libgudev-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libguice-java.list
libguice-java.md5sums
libgusb2:amd64.list
libgusb2:amd64.md5sums
libgusb2:amd64.shlibs
libgusb2:amd64.symbols
libgusb2:amd64.triggers
libgutenprint2.list
libgutenprint2.md5sums
libgutenprint2.shlibs
libgutenprint2.triggers
libgweather-3-15:amd64.list
libgweather-3-15:amd64.md5sums
libgweather-3-15:amd64.shlibs
libgweather-3-15:amd64.symbols
libgweather-3-15:amd64.triggers
libgweather-common.list
libgweather-common.md5sums
libgxps2:amd64.list
libgxps2:amd64.md5sums
libgxps2:amd64.shlibs
libgxps2:amd64.symbols
libgxps2:amd64.triggers
libharfbuzz0b:amd64.list
libharfbuzz0b:amd64.md5sums
libharfbuzz0b:amd64.shlibs
libharfbuzz0b:amd64.symbols
libharfbuzz0b:amd64.triggers
libharfbuzz-dev:amd64.list
libharfbuzz-dev:amd64.md5sums
libharfbuzz-gobject0:amd64.list
libharfbuzz-gobject0:amd64.md5sums
libharfbuzz-gobject0:amd64.shlibs
libharfbuzz-gobject0:amd64.symbols
libharfbuzz-gobject0:amd64.triggers
libharfbuzz-icu0:amd64.list
libharfbuzz-icu0:amd64.md5sums
libharfbuzz-icu0:amd64.shlibs
libharfbuzz-icu0:amd64.symbols
libharfbuzz-icu0:amd64.triggers
libhawtjni-runtime-java.list
libhawtjni-runtime-java.md5sums
libhcrypto4-heimdal:amd64.list
libhcrypto4-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libhcrypto4-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libhcrypto4-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libhcrypto4-heimdal:amd64.triggers
libhdf4-0-alt.list
libhdf4-0-alt.md5sums
libhdf4-0-alt.shlibs
libhdf4-0-alt.symbols
libhdf4-0-alt.triggers
libhdf5-100:amd64.list
libhdf5-100:amd64.md5sums
libhdf5-100:amd64.shlibs
libhdf5-100:amd64.symbols
libhdf5-100:amd64.triggers
libhdf5-openmpi-100:amd64.list
libhdf5-openmpi-100:amd64.md5sums
libhdf5-openmpi-100:amd64.shlibs
libhdf5-openmpi-100:amd64.symbols
libhdf5-openmpi-100:amd64.triggers
libheimbase1-heimdal:amd64.list
libheimbase1-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libheimbase1-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libheimbase1-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libheimbase1-heimdal:amd64.triggers
libheimntlm0-heimdal:amd64.list
libheimntlm0-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libheimntlm0-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libheimntlm0-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libheimntlm0-heimdal:amd64.triggers
libhogweed4:amd64.list
libhogweed4:amd64.md5sums
libhogweed4:amd64.shlibs
libhogweed4:amd64.symbols
libhogweed4:amd64.triggers
libhpmud0:amd64.list
libhpmud0:amd64.md5sums
libhpmud0:amd64.shlibs
libhpmud0:amd64.triggers
libhtml-format-perl.list
libhtml-format-perl.md5sums
libhtml-form-perl.list
libhtml-form-perl.md5sums
libhtml-parser-perl.list
libhtml-parser-perl.md5sums
libhtml-tagset-perl.list
libhtml-tagset-perl.md5sums
libhtml-template-perl.list
libhtml-template-perl.md5sums
libhtml-tree-perl.list
libhtml-tree-perl.md5sums
libhttpclient-java.list
libhttpclient-java.md5sums
libhttp-cookies-perl.list
libhttp-cookies-perl.md5sums
libhttpcore-java.list
libhttpcore-java.md5sums
libhttp-daemon-perl.list
libhttp-daemon-perl.md5sums
libhttp-date-perl.list
libhttp-date-perl.md5sums
libhttp-message-perl.list
libhttp-message-perl.md5sums
libhttp-negotiate-perl.list
libhttp-negotiate-perl.md5sums
libhunspell-1.6-0:amd64.list
libhunspell-1.6-0:amd64.md5sums
libhunspell-1.6-0:amd64.shlibs
libhunspell-1.6-0:amd64.triggers
libhwloc5:amd64.list
libhwloc5:amd64.md5sums
libhwloc5:amd64.shlibs
libhwloc5:amd64.triggers
libhwloc-plugins.list
libhwloc-plugins.md5sums
libhx509-5-heimdal:amd64.list
libhx509-5-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libhx509-5-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libhx509-5-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libhx509-5-heimdal:amd64.triggers
libhyphen0:amd64.list
libhyphen0:amd64.md5sums
libhyphen0:amd64.shlibs
libhyphen0:amd64.symbols
libhyphen0:amd64.triggers
libibus-1.0-5:amd64.list
libibus-1.0-5:amd64.md5sums
libibus-1.0-5:amd64.shlibs
libibus-1.0-5:amd64.symbols
libibus-1.0-5:amd64.triggers
libib-util:amd64.list
libib-util:amd64.md5sums
libib-util:amd64.symbols
libib-util:amd64.triggers
libibverbs1:amd64.list
libibverbs1:amd64.md5sums
libibverbs1:amd64.postinst
libibverbs1:amd64.shlibs
libibverbs1:amd64.symbols
libibverbs1:amd64.triggers
libical3:amd64.list
libical3:amd64.md5sums
libical3:amd64.shlibs
libical3:amd64.symbols
libical3:amd64.triggers
libice6:amd64.list
libice6:amd64.md5sums
libice6:amd64.shlibs
libice6:amd64.triggers
libice-dev:amd64.list
libice-dev:amd64.md5sums
libicu60:amd64.list
libicu60:amd64.md5sums
libicu60:amd64.shlibs
libicu60:amd64.triggers
libicu-dev.list
libicu-dev.md5sums
libicu-le-hb0:amd64.list
libicu-le-hb0:amd64.md5sums
libicu-le-hb0:amd64.shlibs
libicu-le-hb0:amd64.triggers
libicu-le-hb-dev:amd64.list
libicu-le-hb-dev:amd64.md5sums
libiculx60:amd64.list
libiculx60:amd64.md5sums
libiculx60:amd64.shlibs
libiculx60:amd64.triggers
libidn11:amd64.list
libidn11:amd64.md5sums
libidn11:amd64.shlibs
libidn11:amd64.symbols
libidn11:amd64.triggers
libidn2-0:amd64.list
libidn2-0:amd64.md5sums
libidn2-0:amd64.shlibs
libidn2-0:amd64.symbols
libidn2-0:amd64.triggers
libiec61883-0:amd64.list
libiec61883-0:amd64.md5sums
libiec61883-0:amd64.shlibs
libiec61883-0:amd64.triggers
libieee1284-3:amd64.list
libieee1284-3:amd64.md5sums
libieee1284-3:amd64.shlibs
libieee1284-3:amd64.triggers
libijs-0.35:amd64.list
libijs-0.35:amd64.md5sums
libijs-0.35:amd64.shlibs
libijs-0.35:amd64.triggers
libilmbase12:amd64.list
libilmbase12:amd64.md5sums
libilmbase12:amd64.shlibs
libilmbase12:amd64.symbols
libilmbase12:amd64.triggers
libilmbase-dev.list
libilmbase-dev.md5sums
libimobiledevice6:amd64.list
libimobiledevice6:amd64.md5sums
libimobiledevice6:amd64.shlibs
libimobiledevice6:amd64.symbols
libimobiledevice6:amd64.triggers
libindicator3-7.list
libindicator3-7.md5sums
libindicator3-7.shlibs
libindicator3-7.triggers
libinput10:amd64.list
libinput10:amd64.md5sums
libinput10:amd64.shlibs
libinput10:amd64.symbols
libinput10:amd64.triggers
libinput-bin.list
libinput-bin.md5sums
libio-html-perl.list
libio-html-perl.md5sums
libio-pty-perl.list
libio-pty-perl.md5sums
libio-socket-inet6-perl.list
libio-socket-inet6-perl.md5sums
libio-socket-ssl-perl.list
libio-socket-ssl-perl.md5sums
libio-string-perl.list
libio-string-perl.md5sums
libip4tc0:amd64.list
libip4tc0:amd64.md5sums
libip4tc0:amd64.shlibs
libip4tc0:amd64.symbols
libip4tc0:amd64.triggers
libip6tc0:amd64.list
libip6tc0:amd64.md5sums
libip6tc0:amd64.shlibs
libip6tc0:amd64.symbols
libip6tc0:amd64.triggers
libipc-run-perl.list
libipc-run-perl.md5sums
libipc-system-simple-perl.list
libipc-system-simple-perl.md5sums
libiptc0:amd64.list
libiptc0:amd64.md5sums
libiptc0:amd64.shlibs
libiptc0:amd64.symbols
libiptc0:amd64.triggers
libirs160:amd64.list
libirs160:amd64.md5sums
libirs160:amd64.shlibs
libirs160:amd64.symbols
libirs160:amd64.triggers
libisc169:amd64.list
libisc169:amd64.md5sums
libisc169:amd64.shlibs
libisc169:amd64.symbols
libisc169:amd64.triggers
libisccc160:amd64.list
libisccc160:amd64.md5sums
libisccc160:amd64.shlibs
libisccc160:amd64.symbols
libisccc160:amd64.triggers
libisccfg160:amd64.list
libisccfg160:amd64.md5sums
libisccfg160:amd64.shlibs
libisccfg160:amd64.symbols
libisccfg160:amd64.triggers
libisc-export169:amd64.list
libisc-export169:amd64.md5sums
libisc-export169:amd64.shlibs
libisc-export169:amd64.triggers
libiscsi7:amd64.list
libiscsi7:amd64.md5sums
libiscsi7:amd64.shlibs
libiscsi7:amd64.symbols
libiscsi7:amd64.triggers
libisl19:amd64.list
libisl19:amd64.md5sums
libisl19:amd64.shlibs
libisl19:amd64.symbols
libisl19:amd64.triggers
libistack-commons-java.list
libistack-commons-java.md5sums
libitm1:amd64.list
libitm1:amd64.md5sums
libitm1:amd64.shlibs
libitm1:amd64.symbols
libitm1:amd64.triggers
libiw30:amd64.list
libiw30:amd64.md5sums
libiw30:amd64.shlibs
libiw30:amd64.triggers
libjack-jackd2-0:amd64.list
libjack-jackd2-0:amd64.md5sums
libjack-jackd2-0:amd64.shlibs
libjack-jackd2-0:amd64.triggers
libjansi-java.list
libjansi-java.md5sums
libjansi-native-java.list
libjansi-native-java.md5sums
libjansson4:amd64.list
libjansson4:amd64.md5sums
libjansson4:amd64.shlibs
libjansson4:amd64.symbols
libjansson4:amd64.triggers
libjas-plotter-java.list
libjas-plotter-java.md5sums
libjavascriptcoregtk-4.0-18:amd64.list
libjavascriptcoregtk-4.0-18:amd64.md5sums
libjavascriptcoregtk-4.0-18:amd64.shlibs
libjavascriptcoregtk-4.0-18:amd64.triggers
libjaxb-api-java.list
libjaxb-api-java.md5sums
libjaxb-java.list
libjaxb-java.md5sums
libjaxen-java.list
libjaxen-java.md5sums
libjaxp1.3-java.list
libjaxp1.3-java.md5sums
libjbig0:amd64.list
libjbig0:amd64.md5sums
libjbig0:amd64.shlibs
libjbig0:amd64.symbols
libjbig0:amd64.triggers
libjbig2dec0:amd64.list
libjbig2dec0:amd64.md5sums
libjbig2dec0:amd64.shlibs
libjbig2dec0:amd64.symbols
libjbig2dec0:amd64.triggers
libjbig-dev:amd64.list
libjbig-dev:amd64.md5sums
libjdom1-java.list
libjdom1-java.md5sums
libjeuclid-core-java.list
libjeuclid-core-java.md5sums
libjgoodies-common-java.list
libjgoodies-common-java.md5sums
libjgoodies-looks-java.list
libjgoodies-looks-java.md5sums
libjgraphx-java.list
libjgraphx-java.md5sums
libjlatexmath-fop-java.list
libjlatexmath-fop-java.md5sums
libjlatexmath-java.list
libjlatexmath-java.md5sums
libjogl2-java.list
libjogl2-java.md5sums
libjogl2-jni.list
libjogl2-jni.md5sums
libjpeg8:amd64.list
libjpeg8:amd64.md5sums
libjpeg8-dev:amd64.list
libjpeg8-dev:amd64.md5sums
libjpeg-dev:amd64.list
libjpeg-dev:amd64.md5sums
libjpeg-turbo8:amd64.list
libjpeg-turbo8:amd64.md5sums
libjpeg-turbo8:amd64.shlibs
libjpeg-turbo8:amd64.symbols
libjpeg-turbo8:amd64.triggers
libjpeg-turbo8-dev:amd64.list
libjpeg-turbo8-dev:amd64.md5sums
libjq1:amd64.list
libjq1:amd64.md5sums
libjq1:amd64.shlibs
libjq1:amd64.symbols
libjq1:amd64.triggers
libjrosetta-java.list
libjrosetta-java.md5sums
libjs-jquery.list
libjs-jquery.md5sums
libjson-c3:amd64.list
libjson-c3:amd64.md5sums
libjson-c3:amd64.shlibs
libjson-c3:amd64.symbols
libjson-c3:amd64.triggers
libjsoncpp1:amd64.list
libjsoncpp1:amd64.md5sums
libjsoncpp1:amd64.shlibs
libjsoncpp1:amd64.triggers
libjson-glib-1.0-0:amd64.list
libjson-glib-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libjson-glib-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libjson-glib-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libjson-glib-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libjson-glib-1.0-common.list
libjson-glib-1.0-common.md5sums
libjsoup-java.list
libjsoup-java.md5sums
libjsr305-java.list
libjsr305-java.md5sums
libjs-sphinxdoc.list
libjs-sphinxdoc.md5sums
libjs-underscore.list
libjs-underscore.md5sums
libk5crypto3:amd64.list
libk5crypto3:amd64.md5sums
libk5crypto3:amd64.shlibs
libk5crypto3:amd64.symbols
libk5crypto3:amd64.triggers
libkeyutils1:amd64.list
libkeyutils1:amd64.md5sums
libkeyutils1:amd64.shlibs
libkeyutils1:amd64.symbols
libkeyutils1:amd64.triggers
libklibc.list
libklibc.md5sums
libkmlbase1:amd64.list
libkmlbase1:amd64.md5sums
libkmlbase1:amd64.shlibs
libkmlbase1:amd64.symbols
libkmlbase1:amd64.triggers
libkmldom1:amd64.list
libkmldom1:amd64.md5sums
libkmldom1:amd64.shlibs
libkmldom1:amd64.symbols
libkmldom1:amd64.triggers
libkmlengine1:amd64.list
libkmlengine1:amd64.md5sums
libkmlengine1:amd64.shlibs
libkmlengine1:amd64.symbols
libkmlengine1:amd64.triggers
libkmod2:amd64.list
libkmod2:amd64.md5sums
libkmod2:amd64.shlibs
libkmod2:amd64.symbols
libkmod2:amd64.triggers
libkpathsea6:amd64.list
libkpathsea6:amd64.md5sums
libkpathsea6:amd64.shlibs
libkpathsea6:amd64.triggers
libkrb5-26-heimdal:amd64.list
libkrb5-26-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libkrb5-26-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libkrb5-26-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libkrb5-26-heimdal:amd64.triggers
libkrb5-3:amd64.list
libkrb5-3:amd64.md5sums
libkrb5-3:amd64.shlibs
libkrb5-3:amd64.symbols
libkrb5-3:amd64.triggers
libkrb5support0:amd64.list
libkrb5support0:amd64.md5sums
libkrb5support0:amd64.shlibs
libkrb5support0:amd64.symbols
libkrb5support0:amd64.triggers
libksba8:amd64.list
libksba8:amd64.md5sums
libksba8:amd64.shlibs
libksba8:amd64.symbols
libksba8:amd64.triggers
liblaf-plugin-java.list
liblaf-plugin-java.md5sums
liblangtag1:amd64.list
liblangtag1:amd64.md5sums
liblangtag1:amd64.shlibs
liblangtag1:amd64.symbols
liblangtag1:amd64.triggers
liblangtag-common.list
liblangtag-common.md5sums
liblapack3:amd64.list
liblapack3:amd64.md5sums
liblapack3:amd64.postinst
liblapack3:amd64.preinst
liblapack3:amd64.prerm
liblapack3:amd64.shlibs
liblapack-dev:amd64.list
liblapack-dev:amd64.md5sums
liblapack-dev:amd64.postinst
liblapack-dev:amd64.preinst
liblapack-dev:amd64.prerm
liblcms2-2:amd64.list
liblcms2-2:amd64.md5sums
liblcms2-2:amd64.shlibs
liblcms2-2:amd64.symbols
liblcms2-2:amd64.triggers
liblcms2-utils.list
liblcms2-utils.md5sums
libldap-2.4-2:amd64.list
libldap-2.4-2:amd64.md5sums
libldap-2.4-2:amd64.shlibs
libldap-2.4-2:amd64.symbols
libldap-2.4-2:amd64.triggers
libldap-common.conffiles
libldap-common.list
libldap-common.md5sums
libldb1:amd64.list
libldb1:amd64.md5sums
libldb1:amd64.shlibs
libldb1:amd64.symbols
libldb1:amd64.triggers
liblept5.list
liblept5.md5sums
liblept5.shlibs
liblept5.triggers
liblinear3:amd64.list
liblinear3:amd64.md5sums
liblinear3:amd64.shlibs
liblinear3:amd64.symbols
liblinear3:amd64.triggers
liblirc-client0:amd64.list
liblirc-client0:amd64.md5sums
liblirc-client0:amd64.shlibs
liblirc-client0:amd64.triggers
liblist-moreutils-perl.list
liblist-moreutils-perl.md5sums
libllvm6.0:amd64.list
libllvm6.0:amd64.md5sums
libllvm6.0:amd64.shlibs
libllvm6.0:amd64.triggers
libllvm7:amd64.list
libllvm7:amd64.md5sums
libllvm7:amd64.shlibs
libllvm7:amd64.triggers
libllvm8:amd64.list
libllvm8:amd64.md5sums
libllvm8:amd64.shlibs
libllvm8:amd64.triggers
liblocale-gettext-perl.list
liblocale-gettext-perl.md5sums
liblouis14:amd64.list
liblouis14:amd64.md5sums
liblouis14:amd64.shlibs
liblouis14:amd64.triggers
liblouis-data.list
liblouis-data.md5sums
liblouisutdml8:amd64.list
liblouisutdml8:amd64.md5sums
liblouisutdml8:amd64.shlibs
liblouisutdml8:amd64.triggers
liblouisutdml-bin.list
liblouisutdml-bin.md5sums
liblouisutdml-data.list
liblouisutdml-data.md5sums
liblqr-1-0:amd64.list
liblqr-1-0:amd64.md5sums
liblqr-1-0:amd64.shlibs
liblqr-1-0:amd64.symbols
liblqr-1-0:amd64.triggers
liblsan0:amd64.list
liblsan0:amd64.md5sums
liblsan0:amd64.shlibs
liblsan0:amd64.symbols
liblsan0:amd64.triggers
libltdl7:amd64.list
libltdl7:amd64.md5sums
libltdl7:amd64.shlibs
libltdl7:amd64.triggers
libltdl-dev:amd64.list
libltdl-dev:amd64.md5sums
liblua5.2-0:amd64.list
liblua5.2-0:amd64.md5sums
liblua5.2-0:amd64.shlibs
liblua5.2-0:amd64.triggers
liblua5.3-0:amd64.list
liblua5.3-0:amd64.md5sums
liblua5.3-0:amd64.shlibs
liblua5.3-0:amd64.triggers
liblucene4.10-java.list
liblucene4.10-java.md5sums
liblwp-mediatypes-perl.list
liblwp-mediatypes-perl.md5sums
liblwp-protocol-https-perl.list
liblwp-protocol-https-perl.md5sums
liblwres160:amd64.list
liblwres160:amd64.md5sums
liblwres160:amd64.shlibs
liblwres160:amd64.symbols
liblwres160:amd64.triggers
liblz4-1:amd64.list
liblz4-1:amd64.md5sums
liblz4-1:amd64.shlibs
liblz4-1:amd64.symbols
liblz4-1:amd64.triggers
liblzma5:amd64.list
liblzma5:amd64.md5sums
liblzma5:amd64.shlibs
liblzma5:amd64.symbols
liblzma5:amd64.triggers
liblzma-dev:amd64.list
liblzma-dev:amd64.md5sums
liblzo2-2:amd64.list
liblzo2-2:amd64.md5sums
liblzo2-2:amd64.postinst
liblzo2-2:amd64.postrm
liblzo2-2:amd64.shlibs
libmagic1:amd64.conffiles
libmagic1:amd64.list
libmagic1:amd64.md5sums
libmagic1:amd64.shlibs
libmagic1:amd64.symbols
libmagic1:amd64.triggers
libmagickcore-6.q16-3:amd64.list
libmagickcore-6.q16-3:amd64.md5sums
libmagickcore-6.q16-3:amd64.shlibs
libmagickcore-6.q16-3:amd64.symbols
libmagickcore-6.q16-3:amd64.triggers
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra:amd64.list
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra:amd64.md5sums
libmagickwand-6.q16-3:amd64.list
libmagickwand-6.q16-3:amd64.md5sums
libmagickwand-6.q16-3:amd64.shlibs
libmagickwand-6.q16-3:amd64.symbols
libmagickwand-6.q16-3:amd64.triggers
libmagic-mgc.list
libmagic-mgc.md5sums
libmail-sendmail-perl.list
libmail-sendmail-perl.md5sums
libmailtools-perl.list
libmailtools-perl.md5sums
libmatio4:amd64.list
libmatio4:amd64.md5sums
libmatio4:amd64.shlibs
libmatio4:amd64.symbols
libmatio4:amd64.triggers
libmaven3-core-java.list
libmaven3-core-java.md5sums
libmaven-file-management-java.list
libmaven-file-management-java.md5sums
libmaven-parent-java.list
libmaven-parent-java.md5sums
libmaven-resolver-java.list
libmaven-resolver-java.md5sums
libmaven-shared-io-java.list
libmaven-shared-io-java.md5sums
libmaven-shared-utils-java.list
libmaven-shared-utils-java.md5sums
libmaxminddb0:amd64.list
libmaxminddb0:amd64.md5sums
libmaxminddb0:amd64.shlibs
libmaxminddb0:amd64.symbols
libmaxminddb0:amd64.triggers
libmbim-glib4:amd64.list
libmbim-glib4:amd64.md5sums
libmbim-glib4:amd64.shlibs
libmbim-glib4:amd64.symbols
libmbim-glib4:amd64.triggers
libmbim-proxy.list
libmbim-proxy.md5sums
libmediaart-2.0-0:amd64.list
libmediaart-2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libmediaart-2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libmediaart-2.0-0:amd64.symbols
libmediaart-2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libmetis5:amd64.list
libmetis5:amd64.md5sums
libmetis5:amd64.shlibs
libmetis5:amd64.triggers
libmhash2:amd64.list
libmhash2:amd64.md5sums
libmhash2:amd64.postinst
libmhash2:amd64.postrm
libmhash2:amd64.shlibs
libminizip1:amd64.list
libminizip1:amd64.md5sums
libminizip1:amd64.shlibs
libminizip1:amd64.symbols
libminizip1:amd64.triggers
libmm-glib0:amd64.list
libmm-glib0:amd64.md5sums
libmm-glib0:amd64.shlibs
libmm-glib0:amd64.symbols
libmm-glib0:amd64.triggers
libmnl0:amd64.list
libmnl0:amd64.md5sums
libmnl0:amd64.shlibs
libmnl0:amd64.symbols
libmnl0:amd64.triggers
libmount1:amd64.list
libmount1:amd64.md5sums
libmount1:amd64.shlibs
libmount1:amd64.symbols
libmount1:amd64.triggers
libmozjs-52-0:amd64.list
libmozjs-52-0:amd64.md5sums
libmozjs-52-0:amd64.shlibs
libmozjs-52-0:amd64.triggers
libmp3lame0:amd64.list
libmp3lame0:amd64.md5sums
libmp3lame0:amd64.shlibs
libmp3lame0:amd64.symbols
libmp3lame0:amd64.triggers
libmpc3:amd64.list
libmpc3:amd64.md5sums
libmpc3:amd64.shlibs
libmpc3:amd64.triggers
libmpdec2:amd64.list
libmpdec2:amd64.md5sums
libmpdec2:amd64.shlibs
libmpdec2:amd64.symbols
libmpdec2:amd64.triggers
libmpfr6:amd64.list
libmpfr6:amd64.md5sums
libmpfr6:amd64.shlibs
libmpfr6:amd64.symbols
libmpfr6:amd64.triggers
libmpg123-0:amd64.list
libmpg123-0:amd64.md5sums
libmpg123-0:amd64.shlibs
libmpg123-0:amd64.symbols
libmpg123-0:amd64.triggers
libmpx2:amd64.list
libmpx2:amd64.md5sums
libmpx2:amd64.shlibs
libmpx2:amd64.symbols
libmpx2:amd64.triggers
libmspub-0.1-1:amd64.list
libmspub-0.1-1:amd64.md5sums
libmspub-0.1-1:amd64.shlibs
libmspub-0.1-1:amd64.triggers
libmtdev1:amd64.list
libmtdev1:amd64.md5sums
libmtdev1:amd64.shlibs
libmtdev1:amd64.symbols
libmtdev1:amd64.triggers
libmtp9:amd64.list
libmtp9:amd64.md5sums
libmtp9:amd64.postinst
libmtp9:amd64.preinst
libmtp9:amd64.shlibs
libmtp9:amd64.symbols
libmtp9:amd64.triggers
libmtp-common.list
libmtp-common.md5sums
libmtp-runtime.list
libmtp-runtime.md5sums
libmutter-2-0:amd64.list
libmutter-2-0:amd64.md5sums
libmutter-2-0:amd64.shlibs
libmutter-2-0:amd64.symbols
libmutter-2-0:amd64.triggers
libmwaw-0.3-3:amd64.list
libmwaw-0.3-3:amd64.md5sums
libmwaw-0.3-3:amd64.shlibs
libmwaw-0.3-3:amd64.triggers
libmysqlclient20:amd64.list
libmysqlclient20:amd64.md5sums
libmysqlclient20:amd64.shlibs
libmysqlclient20:amd64.symbols
libmysqlclient20:amd64.triggers
libmysqlcppconn7v5:amd64.list
libmysqlcppconn7v5:amd64.md5sums
libmysqlcppconn7v5:amd64.shlibs
libmysqlcppconn7v5:amd64.triggers
libmythes-1.2-0:amd64.list
libmythes-1.2-0:amd64.md5sums
libmythes-1.2-0:amd64.shlibs
libmythes-1.2-0:amd64.triggers
libnautilus-extension1a:amd64.list
libnautilus-extension1a:amd64.md5sums
libnautilus-extension1a:amd64.shlibs
libnautilus-extension1a:amd64.symbols
libnautilus-extension1a:amd64.triggers
libnb-org-openide-util-java.list
libnb-org-openide-util-java.md5sums
libnb-org-openide-util-lookup-java.list
libnb-org-openide-util-lookup-java.md5sums
libncurses5:amd64.list
libncurses5:amd64.md5sums
libncurses5:amd64.shlibs
libncurses5:amd64.symbols
libncurses5:amd64.triggers
libncurses5-dev:amd64.list
libncurses5-dev:amd64.md5sums
libncursesw5:amd64.list
libncursesw5:amd64.md5sums
libncursesw5:amd64.shlibs
libncursesw5:amd64.symbols
libncursesw5:amd64.triggers
libncursesw5-dev:amd64.list
libncursesw5-dev:amd64.md5sums
libndp0:amd64.list
libndp0:amd64.md5sums
libndp0:amd64.shlibs
libndp0:amd64.symbols
libndp0:amd64.triggers
libneon27-gnutls:amd64.list
libneon27-gnutls:amd64.md5sums
libneon27-gnutls:amd64.shlibs
libneon27-gnutls:amd64.triggers
libnetcdf13:amd64.list
libnetcdf13:amd64.md5sums
libnetcdf13:amd64.shlibs
libnetcdf13:amd64.symbols
libnetcdf13:amd64.triggers
libnetcdf-c++4.list
libnetcdf-c++4.md5sums
libnetcdf-c++4.shlibs
libnetcdf-c++4.symbols
libnetcdf-c++4.triggers
libnet-dbus-perl.list
libnet-dbus-perl.md5sums
libnet-dns-perl.list
libnet-dns-perl.md5sums
libnet-domain-tld-perl.list
libnet-domain-tld-perl.md5sums
libnetfilter-conntrack3:amd64.list
libnetfilter-conntrack3:amd64.md5sums
libnetfilter-conntrack3:amd64.shlibs
libnetfilter-conntrack3:amd64.triggers
libnet-http-perl.list
libnet-http-perl.md5sums
libnet-ip-perl.list
libnet-ip-perl.md5sums
libnet-libidn-perl.list
libnet-libidn-perl.md5sums
libnetpbm10.list
libnetpbm10.md5sums
libnetpbm10.shlibs
libnetpbm10.triggers
libnet-smtp-ssl-perl.list
libnet-smtp-ssl-perl.md5sums
libnet-ssleay-perl.list
libnet-ssleay-perl.md5sums
libnettle6:amd64.list
libnettle6:amd64.md5sums
libnettle6:amd64.shlibs
libnettle6:amd64.symbols
libnettle6:amd64.triggers
libnewt0.52:amd64.conffiles
libnewt0.52:amd64.list
libnewt0.52:amd64.md5sums
libnewt0.52:amd64.postinst
libnewt0.52:amd64.prerm
libnewt0.52:amd64.shlibs
libnewt0.52:amd64.triggers
libnfnetlink0:amd64.list
libnfnetlink0:amd64.md5sums
libnfnetlink0:amd64.postinst
libnfnetlink0:amd64.postrm
libnfnetlink0:amd64.shlibs
libnfsidmap2:amd64.list
libnfsidmap2:amd64.md5sums
libnfsidmap2:amd64.shlibs
libnfsidmap2:amd64.triggers
libnghttp2-14:amd64.list
libnghttp2-14:amd64.md5sums
libnghttp2-14:amd64.shlibs
libnghttp2-14:amd64.symbols
libnghttp2-14:amd64.triggers
libnih1:amd64.list
libnih1:amd64.md5sums
libnih1:amd64.postinst
libnih1:amd64.shlibs
libnih1:amd64.symbols
libnih1:amd64.triggers
libnl-3-200:amd64.conffiles
libnl-3-200:amd64.list
libnl-3-200:amd64.md5sums
libnl-3-200:amd64.shlibs
libnl-3-200:amd64.symbols
libnl-3-200:amd64.triggers
libnl-genl-3-200:amd64.list
libnl-genl-3-200:amd64.md5sums
libnl-genl-3-200:amd64.shlibs
libnl-genl-3-200:amd64.symbols
libnl-genl-3-200:amd64.triggers
libnl-route-3-200:amd64.list
libnl-route-3-200:amd64.md5sums
libnl-route-3-200:amd64.shlibs
libnl-route-3-200:amd64.symbols
libnl-route-3-200:amd64.triggers
libnm0:amd64.list
libnm0:amd64.md5sums
libnm0:amd64.shlibs
libnm0:amd64.symbols
libnm0:amd64.triggers
libnma0:amd64.list
libnma0:amd64.md5sums
libnma0:amd64.shlibs
libnma0:amd64.symbols
libnma0:amd64.triggers
libnotify4:amd64.list
libnotify4:amd64.md5sums
libnotify4:amd64.shlibs
libnotify4:amd64.symbols
libnotify4:amd64.triggers
libnotify-bin.list
libnotify-bin.md5sums
libnpth0:amd64.list
libnpth0:amd64.md5sums
libnpth0:amd64.shlibs
libnpth0:amd64.symbols
libnpth0:amd64.triggers
libnspr4:amd64.list
libnspr4:amd64.md5sums
libnspr4:amd64.symbols
libnspr4:amd64.triggers
libnss3:amd64.list
libnss3:amd64.md5sums
libnss3:amd64.symbols
libnss3:amd64.triggers
libnss-ldap:amd64.conffiles
libnss-ldap:amd64.list
libnss-ldap:amd64.md5sums
libnss-ldap:amd64.postinst
libnss-ldap:amd64.postrm
libnss-ldap:amd64.prerm
libnss-mdns:amd64.list
libnss-mdns:amd64.md5sums
libnss-mdns:amd64.postinst
libnss-mdns:amd64.postrm
libnss-mdns:amd64.shlibs
libnss-mdns:amd64.triggers
libnss-myhostname:amd64.list
libnss-myhostname:amd64.md5sums
libnss-myhostname:amd64.postinst
libnss-myhostname:amd64.postrm
libnss-myhostname:amd64.shlibs
libnss-myhostname:amd64.triggers
libnss-systemd:amd64.list
libnss-systemd:amd64.md5sums
libnss-systemd:amd64.postinst
libnss-systemd:amd64.postrm
libnss-systemd:amd64.shlibs
libnss-systemd:amd64.triggers
libntfs-3g88.list
libntfs-3g88.md5sums
libntfs-3g88.shlibs
libntfs-3g88.triggers
libnuma1:amd64.list
libnuma1:amd64.md5sums
libnuma1:amd64.shlibs
libnuma1:amd64.symbols
libnuma1:amd64.triggers
liboauth0:amd64.list
liboauth0:amd64.md5sums
liboauth0:amd64.shlibs
liboauth0:amd64.symbols
liboauth0:amd64.triggers
libobjc4:amd64.list
libobjc4:amd64.md5sums
libobjc4:amd64.shlibs
libobjc4:amd64.symbols
libobjc4:amd64.triggers
libobjc-7-dev:amd64.list
libobjc-7-dev:amd64.md5sums
libodbc1:amd64.list
libodbc1:amd64.md5sums
libodbc1:amd64.shlibs
libodbc1:amd64.symbols
libodbc1:amd64.triggers
libodfgen-0.1-1:amd64.list
libodfgen-0.1-1:amd64.md5sums
libodfgen-0.1-1:amd64.shlibs
libodfgen-0.1-1:amd64.triggers
libogdi3.2.list
libogdi3.2.md5sums
libogdi3.2.shlibs
libogdi3.2.symbols
libogdi3.2.triggers
libogg0:amd64.list
libogg0:amd64.md5sums
libogg0:amd64.postinst
libogg0:amd64.postrm
libogg0:amd64.shlibs
libogg0:amd64.symbols
libonig4:amd64.list
libonig4:amd64.md5sums
libonig4:amd64.shlibs
libonig4:amd64.symbols
libonig4:amd64.triggers
libopenal1:amd64.list
libopenal1:amd64.md5sums
libopenal1:amd64.shlibs
libopenal1:amd64.symbols
libopenal1:amd64.triggers
libopenal-data.conffiles
libopenal-data.list
libopenal-data.md5sums
libopencv3.2-java.list
libopencv3.2-java.md5sums
libopencv3.2-jni.list
libopencv3.2-jni.md5sums
libopencv-calib3d3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-calib3d3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-calib3d3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-calib3d3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-calib3d-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-calib3d-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-contrib3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-contrib3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-contrib3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-contrib3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-contrib-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-contrib-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-core3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-core3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-core3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-core3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-core-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-core-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-dev.list
libopencv-dev.md5sums
libopencv-features2d3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-features2d3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-features2d3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-features2d3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-features2d-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-features2d-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-flann3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-flann3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-flann3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-flann3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-flann-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-flann-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-highgui3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-highgui3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-highgui3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-highgui3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-highgui-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-highgui-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-imgcodecs3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-imgcodecs3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-imgcodecs3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-imgcodecs3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-imgcodecs-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-imgcodecs-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-imgproc3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-imgproc3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-imgproc3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-imgproc3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-imgproc-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-imgproc-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-ml3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-ml3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-ml3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-ml3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-ml-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-ml-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-objdetect3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-objdetect3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-objdetect3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-objdetect3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-objdetect-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-objdetect-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-photo3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-photo3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-photo3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-photo3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-photo-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-photo-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-shape3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-shape3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-shape3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-shape3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-shape-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-shape-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-stitching3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-stitching3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-stitching3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-stitching3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-stitching-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-stitching-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-superres3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-superres3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-superres3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-superres3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-superres-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-superres-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-ts-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-ts-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-video3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-video3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-video3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-video3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-video-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-video-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-videoio3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-videoio3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-videoio3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-videoio3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-videoio-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-videoio-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-videostab3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-videostab3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-videostab3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-videostab3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-videostab-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-videostab-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-viz3.2:amd64.list
libopencv-viz3.2:amd64.md5sums
libopencv-viz3.2:amd64.shlibs
libopencv-viz3.2:amd64.triggers
libopencv-viz-dev:amd64.list
libopencv-viz-dev:amd64.md5sums
libopenexr22:amd64.list
libopenexr22:amd64.md5sums
libopenexr22:amd64.shlibs
libopenexr22:amd64.triggers
libopenexr-dev.list
libopenexr-dev.md5sums
libopenexr-dev.postinst
libopenexr-dev.postrm
libopenexr-dev.preinst
libopenexr-dev.prerm
libopengl0:amd64.list
libopengl0:amd64.md5sums
libopengl0:amd64.shlibs
libopengl0:amd64.symbols
libopengl0:amd64.triggers
libopenjp2-7:amd64.list
libopenjp2-7:amd64.md5sums
libopenjp2-7:amd64.shlibs
libopenjp2-7:amd64.symbols
libopenjp2-7:amd64.triggers
libopenmpi2:amd64.list
libopenmpi2:amd64.md5sums
libopenmpi2:amd64.shlibs
libopenmpi2:amd64.triggers
libopenmpt0:amd64.list
libopenmpt0:amd64.md5sums
libopenmpt0:amd64.shlibs
libopenmpt0:amd64.symbols
libopenmpt0:amd64.triggers
libopus0:amd64.list
libopus0:amd64.md5sums
libopus0:amd64.shlibs
libopus0:amd64.symbols
libopus0:amd64.triggers
liborc-0.4-0:amd64.list
liborc-0.4-0:amd64.md5sums
liborc-0.4-0:amd64.shlibs
liborc-0.4-0:amd64.triggers
libossp-uuid16:amd64.list
libossp-uuid16:amd64.md5sums
libossp-uuid16:amd64.shlibs
libossp-uuid16:amd64.triggers
libotcl1:amd64.list
libotcl1:amd64.md5sums
libotcl1:amd64.shlibs
libotcl1:amd64.symbols
libotcl1:amd64.triggers
libp11-kit0:amd64.list
libp11-kit0:amd64.md5sums
libp11-kit0:amd64.shlibs
libp11-kit0:amd64.symbols
libp11-kit0:amd64.triggers
libpackagekit-glib2-18:amd64.list
libpackagekit-glib2-18:amd64.md5sums
libpackagekit-glib2-18:amd64.shlibs
libpackagekit-glib2-18:amd64.symbols
libpackagekit-glib2-18:amd64.triggers
libpagemaker-0.0-0:amd64.list
libpagemaker-0.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libpagemaker-0.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libpagemaker-0.0-0:amd64.triggers
libpam0g:amd64.list
libpam0g:amd64.md5sums
libpam0g:amd64.postinst
libpam0g:amd64.postrm
libpam0g:amd64.shlibs
libpam0g:amd64.symbols
libpam0g:amd64.templates
libpam0g:amd64.triggers
libpam-cap:amd64.conffiles
libpam-cap:amd64.list
libpam-cap:amd64.md5sums
libpam-cap:amd64.postinst
libpam-cap:amd64.prerm
libpam-gnome-keyring:amd64.list
libpam-gnome-keyring:amd64.md5sums
libpam-gnome-keyring:amd64.postinst
libpam-gnome-keyring:amd64.prerm
libpam-ldap:amd64.list
libpam-ldap:amd64.md5sums
libpam-ldap:amd64.postinst
libpam-ldap:amd64.prerm
libpam-modules:amd64.conffiles
libpam-modules:amd64.list
libpam-modules:amd64.md5sums
libpam-modules:amd64.postinst
libpam-modules:amd64.postrm
libpam-modules:amd64.preinst
libpam-modules:amd64.templates
libpam-modules-bin.list
libpam-modules-bin.md5sums
libpam-runtime.conffiles
libpam-runtime.list
libpam-runtime.md5sums
libpam-runtime.postinst
libpam-runtime.postrm
libpam-runtime.prerm
libpam-runtime.templates
libpam-systemd:amd64.list
libpam-systemd:amd64.md5sums
libpam-systemd:amd64.postinst
libpam-systemd:amd64.prerm
libpango-1.0-0:amd64.list
libpango-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libpango-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libpango-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libpango-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64.list
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64.list
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libpangomm-1.4-1v5:amd64.list
libpangomm-1.4-1v5:amd64.md5sums
libpangomm-1.4-1v5:amd64.shlibs
libpangomm-1.4-1v5:amd64.triggers
libpangoxft-1.0-0:amd64.list
libpangoxft-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libpangoxft-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libpangoxft-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libpangoxft-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libpaper1:amd64.config
libpaper1:amd64.list
libpaper1:amd64.md5sums
libpaper1:amd64.postinst
libpaper1:amd64.postrm
libpaper1:amd64.shlibs
libpaper1:amd64.templates
libpaper1:amd64.triggers
libpaper-utils.list
libpaper-utils.md5sums
libparse-debianchangelog-perl.list
libparse-debianchangelog-perl.md5sums
libparted2:amd64.list
libparted2:amd64.md5sums
libparted2:amd64.shlibs
libparted2:amd64.symbols
libparted2:amd64.triggers
libparted-fs-resize0:amd64.list
libparted-fs-resize0:amd64.md5sums
libparted-fs-resize0:amd64.shlibs
libparted-fs-resize0:amd64.symbols
libparted-fs-resize0:amd64.triggers
libpcap0.8:amd64.list
libpcap0.8:amd64.md5sums
libpcap0.8:amd64.shlibs
libpcap0.8:amd64.symbols
libpcap0.8:amd64.triggers
libpcaudio0.list
libpcaudio0.md5sums
libpcaudio0.shlibs
libpcaudio0.triggers
libpci3:amd64.list
libpci3:amd64.md5sums
libpci3:amd64.shlibs
libpci3:amd64.triggers
libpciaccess0:amd64.list
libpciaccess0:amd64.md5sums
libpciaccess0:amd64.shlibs
libpciaccess0:amd64.symbols
libpciaccess0:amd64.triggers
libpcre16-3:amd64.list
libpcre16-3:amd64.md5sums
libpcre16-3:amd64.shlibs
libpcre16-3:amd64.symbols
libpcre16-3:amd64.triggers
libpcre32-3:amd64.list
libpcre32-3:amd64.md5sums
libpcre32-3:amd64.shlibs
libpcre32-3:amd64.symbols
libpcre32-3:amd64.triggers
libpcre3:amd64.list
libpcre3:amd64.md5sums
libpcre3:amd64.shlibs
libpcre3:amd64.symbols
libpcre3:amd64.triggers
libpcre3-dev:amd64.list
libpcre3-dev:amd64.md5sums
libpcrecpp0v5:amd64.list
libpcrecpp0v5:amd64.md5sums
libpcrecpp0v5:amd64.shlibs
libpcrecpp0v5:amd64.symbols
libpcrecpp0v5:amd64.triggers
libpcsclite1:amd64.list
libpcsclite1:amd64.md5sums
libpcsclite1:amd64.shlibs
libpcsclite1:amd64.symbols
libpcsclite1:amd64.triggers
libpeas-1.0-0:amd64.list
libpeas-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libpeas-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libpeas-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libpeas-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libpeas-common.list
libpeas-common.md5sums
libperl5.26:amd64.list
libperl5.26:amd64.md5sums
libperl5.26:amd64.shlibs
libperl5.26:amd64.symbols
libperl5.26:amd64.triggers
libperlio-gzip-perl.list
libperlio-gzip-perl.md5sums
libphonenumber7:amd64.list
libphonenumber7:amd64.md5sums
libphonenumber7:amd64.shlibs
libphonenumber7:amd64.triggers
libpipeline1:amd64.list
libpipeline1:amd64.md5sums
libpipeline1:amd64.shlibs
libpipeline1:amd64.symbols
libpipeline1:amd64.triggers
libpixman-1-0:amd64.list
libpixman-1-0:amd64.md5sums
libpixman-1-0:amd64.shlibs
libpixman-1-0:amd64.symbols
libpixman-1-0:amd64.triggers
libplexus-archiver-java.list
libplexus-archiver-java.md5sums
libplexus-cipher-java.list
libplexus-cipher-java.md5sums
libplexus-classworlds-java.list
libplexus-classworlds-java.md5sums
libplexus-component-annotations-java.list
libplexus-component-annotations-java.md5sums
libplexus-interpolation-java.list
libplexus-interpolation-java.md5sums
libplexus-io-java.list
libplexus-io-java.md5sums
libplexus-sec-dispatcher-java.list
libplexus-sec-dispatcher-java.md5sums
libplexus-utils2-java.list
libplexus-utils2-java.md5sums
libplexus-utils-java.list
libplexus-utils-java.md5sums
libplist3:amd64.list
libplist3:amd64.md5sums
libplist3:amd64.shlibs
libplist3:amd64.symbols
libplist3:amd64.triggers
libplymouth4:amd64.list
libplymouth4:amd64.md5sums
libplymouth4:amd64.shlibs
libplymouth4:amd64.symbols
libplymouth4:amd64.triggers
libpng12-0:amd64.list
libpng12-0:amd64.md5sums
libpng12-0:amd64.shlibs
libpng12-0:amd64.triggers
libpng16-16:amd64.list
libpng16-16:amd64.md5sums
libpng16-16:amd64.shlibs
libpng16-16:amd64.triggers
libpng-dev:amd64.list
libpng-dev:amd64.md5sums
libpng-tools.list
libpng-tools.md5sums
libpolkit-agent-1-0:amd64.list
libpolkit-agent-1-0:amd64.md5sums
libpolkit-agent-1-0:amd64.shlibs
libpolkit-agent-1-0:amd64.symbols
libpolkit-agent-1-0:amd64.triggers
libpolkit-backend-1-0:amd64.list
libpolkit-backend-1-0:amd64.md5sums
libpolkit-backend-1-0:amd64.shlibs
libpolkit-backend-1-0:amd64.symbols
libpolkit-backend-1-0:amd64.triggers
libpolkit-gobject-1-0:amd64.list
libpolkit-gobject-1-0:amd64.md5sums
libpolkit-gobject-1-0:amd64.shlibs
libpolkit-gobject-1-0:amd64.symbols
libpolkit-gobject-1-0:amd64.triggers
libpoppler73:amd64.list
libpoppler73:amd64.md5sums
libpoppler73:amd64.shlibs
libpoppler73:amd64.triggers
libpoppler-glib8:amd64.list
libpoppler-glib8:amd64.md5sums
libpoppler-glib8:amd64.shlibs
libpoppler-glib8:amd64.symbols
libpoppler-glib8:amd64.triggers
libpopt0:amd64.list
libpopt0:amd64.md5sums
libpopt0:amd64.shlibs
libpopt0:amd64.symbols
libpopt0:amd64.triggers
libpq5:amd64.list
libpq5:amd64.md5sums
libpq5:amd64.shlibs
libpq5:amd64.symbols
libpq5:amd64.triggers
libprocps6:amd64.list
libprocps6:amd64.md5sums
libprocps6:amd64.shlibs
libprocps6:amd64.triggers
libproj12:amd64.list
libproj12:amd64.md5sums
libproj12:amd64.shlibs
libproj12:amd64.symbols
libproj12:amd64.triggers
libprotobuf10:amd64.list
libprotobuf10:amd64.md5sums
libprotobuf10:amd64.shlibs
libprotobuf10:amd64.triggers
libproxy1-plugin-gsettings:amd64.list
libproxy1-plugin-gsettings:amd64.md5sums
libproxy1-plugin-networkmanager:amd64.list
libproxy1-plugin-networkmanager:amd64.md5sums
libproxy1v5:amd64.list
libproxy1v5:amd64.md5sums
libproxy1v5:amd64.shlibs
libproxy1v5:amd64.triggers
libpsl5:amd64.list
libpsl5:amd64.md5sums
libpsl5:amd64.shlibs
libpsl5:amd64.symbols
libpsl5:amd64.triggers
libpsm-infinipath1.list
libpsm-infinipath1.md5sums
libpsm-infinipath1.postinst
libpsm-infinipath1.postrm
libpsm-infinipath1.prerm
libpsm-infinipath1.shlibs
libpsm-infinipath1.symbols
libpsm-infinipath1.triggers
libpthread-stubs0-dev:amd64.list
libpthread-stubs0-dev:amd64.md5sums
libpugixml1v5:amd64.list
libpugixml1v5:amd64.md5sums
libpugixml1v5:amd64.shlibs
libpugixml1v5:amd64.symbols
libpugixml1v5:amd64.triggers
libpulse0:amd64.conffiles
libpulse0:amd64.list
libpulse0:amd64.md5sums
libpulse0:amd64.shlibs
libpulse0:amd64.symbols
libpulse0:amd64.triggers
libpulsedsp:amd64.list
libpulsedsp:amd64.md5sums
libpulse-mainloop-glib0:amd64.list
libpulse-mainloop-glib0:amd64.md5sums
libpulse-mainloop-glib0:amd64.shlibs
libpulse-mainloop-glib0:amd64.symbols
libpulse-mainloop-glib0:amd64.triggers
libpwquality1:amd64.list
libpwquality1:amd64.md5sums
libpwquality1:amd64.shlibs
libpwquality1:amd64.symbols
libpwquality1:amd64.triggers
libpwquality-common.conffiles
libpwquality-common.list
libpwquality-common.md5sums
libpython2.7:amd64.list
libpython2.7:amd64.md5sums
libpython2.7:amd64.shlibs
libpython2.7:amd64.symbols
libpython2.7:amd64.triggers
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64.conffiles
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64.list
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64.md5sums
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64.postinst
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64.postrm
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64.prerm
libpython2.7-stdlib:amd64.list
libpython2.7-stdlib:amd64.md5sums
libpython2.7-stdlib:amd64.prerm
libpython3.6:amd64.list
libpython3.6:amd64.md5sums
libpython3.6:amd64.shlibs
libpython3.6:amd64.symbols
libpython3.6:amd64.triggers
libpython3.6-dev:amd64.list
libpython3.6-dev:amd64.md5sums
libpython3.6-minimal:amd64.conffiles
libpython3.6-minimal:amd64.list
libpython3.6-minimal:amd64.md5sums
libpython3.6-minimal:amd64.postinst
libpython3.6-minimal:amd64.postrm
libpython3.6-minimal:amd64.prerm
libpython3.6-stdlib:amd64.list
libpython3.6-stdlib:amd64.md5sums
libpython3.6-stdlib:amd64.prerm
libpython3.7-minimal:amd64.conffiles
libpython3.7-minimal:amd64.list
libpython3.7-minimal:amd64.md5sums
libpython3.7-minimal:amd64.postinst
libpython3.7-minimal:amd64.postrm
libpython3.7-minimal:amd64.prerm
libpython3.7-stdlib:amd64.list
libpython3.7-stdlib:amd64.md5sums
libpython3.7-stdlib:amd64.prerm
libpython3-dev:amd64.list
libpython3-dev:amd64.md5sums
libpython3-stdlib:amd64.list
libpython3-stdlib:amd64.md5sums
libpython-stdlib:amd64.list
libpython-stdlib:amd64.md5sums
libqgsttools-p1:amd64.list
libqgsttools-p1:amd64.md5sums
libqgsttools-p1:amd64.shlibs
libqgsttools-p1:amd64.symbols
libqgsttools-p1:amd64.triggers
libqhull7:amd64.list
libqhull7:amd64.md5sums
libqhull7:amd64.shlibs
libqhull7:amd64.triggers
libqmi-glib5:amd64.list
libqmi-glib5:amd64.md5sums
libqmi-glib5:amd64.shlibs
libqmi-glib5:amd64.symbols
libqmi-glib5:amd64.triggers
libqmi-proxy.list
libqmi-proxy.md5sums
libqpdf21:amd64.list
libqpdf21:amd64.md5sums
libqpdf21:amd64.shlibs
libqpdf21:amd64.triggers
libqqwing2v5:amd64.list
libqqwing2v5:amd64.md5sums
libqqwing2v5:amd64.shlibs
libqqwing2v5:amd64.symbols
libqqwing2v5:amd64.triggers
libqt5core5a:amd64.list
libqt5core5a:amd64.md5sums
libqt5core5a:amd64.postinst
libqt5core5a:amd64.postrm
libqt5core5a:amd64.preinst
libqt5core5a:amd64.prerm
libqt5core5a:amd64.shlibs
libqt5core5a:amd64.symbols
libqt5core5a:amd64.triggers
libqt5dbus5:amd64.list
libqt5dbus5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5dbus5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5dbus5:amd64.symbols
libqt5dbus5:amd64.triggers
libqt5gui5:amd64.list
libqt5gui5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5gui5:amd64.postinst
libqt5gui5:amd64.postrm
libqt5gui5:amd64.preinst
libqt5gui5:amd64.prerm
libqt5gui5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5gui5:amd64.symbols
libqt5gui5:amd64.triggers
libqt5multimedia5:amd64.list
libqt5multimedia5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5multimedia5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5multimedia5:amd64.symbols
libqt5multimedia5:amd64.triggers
libqt5multimedia5-plugins:amd64.list
libqt5multimedia5-plugins:amd64.md5sums
libqt5multimediawidgets5:amd64.list
libqt5multimediawidgets5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5multimediawidgets5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5multimediawidgets5:amd64.symbols
libqt5multimediawidgets5:amd64.triggers
libqt5network5:amd64.list
libqt5network5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5network5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5network5:amd64.symbols
libqt5network5:amd64.triggers
libqt5opengl5:amd64.list
libqt5opengl5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5opengl5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5opengl5:amd64.symbols
libqt5opengl5:amd64.triggers
libqt5printsupport5:amd64.list
libqt5printsupport5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5printsupport5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5printsupport5:amd64.symbols
libqt5printsupport5:amd64.triggers
libqt5svg5:amd64.list
libqt5svg5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5svg5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5svg5:amd64.symbols
libqt5svg5:amd64.triggers
libqt5widgets5:amd64.list
libqt5widgets5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5widgets5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5widgets5:amd64.symbols
libqt5widgets5:amd64.triggers
libqt5x11extras5:amd64.list
libqt5x11extras5:amd64.md5sums
libqt5x11extras5:amd64.shlibs
libqt5x11extras5:amd64.symbols
libqt5x11extras5:amd64.triggers
libquadmath0:amd64.list
libquadmath0:amd64.md5sums
libquadmath0:amd64.shlibs
libquadmath0:amd64.symbols
libquadmath0:amd64.triggers
librados2.list
librados2.md5sums
librados2.shlibs
librados2.symbols
librados2.triggers
libraptor2-0:amd64.list
libraptor2-0:amd64.md5sums
libraptor2-0:amd64.shlibs
libraptor2-0:amd64.triggers
librasqal3:amd64.list
librasqal3:amd64.md5sums
librasqal3:amd64.shlibs
librasqal3:amd64.triggers
libraw1394-11:amd64.list
libraw1394-11:amd64.md5sums
libraw1394-11:amd64.shlibs
libraw1394-11:amd64.triggers
libraw1394-dev:amd64.list
libraw1394-dev:amd64.md5sums
libraw1394-tools.list
libraw1394-tools.md5sums
libraw16:amd64.list
libraw16:amd64.md5sums
libraw16:amd64.shlibs
libraw16:amd64.symbols
libraw16:amd64.triggers
librbd1.list
librbd1.md5sums
librbd1.shlibs
librbd1.symbols
librbd1.triggers
librdf0:amd64.list
librdf0:amd64.md5sums
librdf0:amd64.shlibs
librdf0:amd64.triggers
librdmacm1:amd64.list
librdmacm1:amd64.md5sums
librdmacm1:amd64.shlibs
librdmacm1:amd64.symbols
librdmacm1:amd64.triggers
libreadline7:amd64.list
libreadline7:amd64.md5sums
libreadline7:amd64.shlibs
libreadline7:amd64.symbols
libreadline7:amd64.triggers
libreadline-dev:amd64.list
libreadline-dev:amd64.md5sums
libregexp-java.list
libregexp-java.md5sums
librelaxng-datatype-java.list
librelaxng-datatype-java.md5sums
libreoffice-avmedia-backend-gstreamer.list
libreoffice-avmedia-backend-gstreamer.md5sums
libreoffice-base-core.list
libreoffice-base-core.md5sums
libreoffice-base-drivers.list
libreoffice-base-drivers.md5sums
libreoffice-base.list
libreoffice-base.md5sums
libreoffice-base.postrm
libreoffice-base.preinst
libreoffice-calc.list
libreoffice-calc.md5sums
libreoffice-common.conffiles
libreoffice-common.list
libreoffice-common.md5sums
libreoffice-common.postinst
libreoffice-common.postrm
libreoffice-common.preinst
libreoffice-common.prerm
libreoffice-common.triggers
libreoffice-core.list
libreoffice-core.md5sums
libreoffice-core.postrm
libreoffice-draw.list
libreoffice-draw.md5sums
libreoffice-gnome.list
libreoffice-gnome.md5sums
libreoffice-gtk3.list
libreoffice-gtk3.md5sums
libreoffice-impress.list
libreoffice-impress.md5sums
libreoffice-java-common.list
libreoffice-java-common.md5sums
libreoffice-librelogo.list
libreoffice-librelogo.md5sums
libreoffice.list
libreoffice-math.list
libreoffice-math.md5sums
libreoffice.md5sums
libreoffice-nlpsolver.list
libreoffice-nlpsolver.md5sums
libreoffice-report-builder-bin.list
libreoffice-report-builder-bin.md5sums
libreoffice-report-builder.list
libreoffice-report-builder.md5sums
libreoffice-script-provider-bsh.list
libreoffice-script-provider-bsh.md5sums
libreoffice-script-provider-js.list
libreoffice-script-provider-js.md5sums
libreoffice-script-provider-python.list
libreoffice-script-provider-python.md5sums
libreoffice-sdbc-firebird.list
libreoffice-sdbc-firebird.md5sums
libreoffice-sdbc-firebird.postinst
libreoffice-sdbc-firebird.postrm
libreoffice-sdbc-firebird.preinst
libreoffice-sdbc-firebird.prerm
libreoffice-sdbc-mysql.list
libreoffice-sdbc-mysql.md5sums
libreoffice-sdbc-postgresql.list
libreoffice-sdbc-postgresql.md5sums
libreoffice-style-colibre.list
libreoffice-style-colibre.md5sums
libreoffice-style-elementary.list
libreoffice-style-elementary.md5sums
libreoffice-style-tango.list
libreoffice-style-tango.md5sums
libreoffice-wiki-publisher.list
libreoffice-wiki-publisher.md5sums
libreoffice-writer.list
libreoffice-writer.md5sums
librest-0.7-0:amd64.list
librest-0.7-0:amd64.md5sums
librest-0.7-0:amd64.shlibs
librest-0.7-0:amd64.symbols
librest-0.7-0:amd64.triggers
librevenge-0.0-0:amd64.list
librevenge-0.0-0:amd64.md5sums
librevenge-0.0-0:amd64.shlibs
librevenge-0.0-0:amd64.triggers
librngom-java.list
librngom-java.md5sums
libroken18-heimdal:amd64.list
libroken18-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libroken18-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libroken18-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libroken18-heimdal:amd64.triggers
librsvg2-2:amd64.list
librsvg2-2:amd64.md5sums
librsvg2-2:amd64.shlibs
librsvg2-2:amd64.symbols
librsvg2-2:amd64.triggers
librsvg2-common:amd64.list
librsvg2-common:amd64.md5sums
librsvg2-common:amd64.postinst
librtmp1:amd64.list
librtmp1:amd64.md5sums
librtmp1:amd64.shlibs
librtmp1:amd64.symbols
librtmp1:amd64.triggers
libsamplerate0:amd64.list
libsamplerate0:amd64.md5sums
libsamplerate0:amd64.shlibs
libsamplerate0:amd64.symbols
libsamplerate0:amd64.triggers
libsane1:amd64.list
libsane1:amd64.md5sums
libsane1:amd64.postinst
libsane1:amd64.postrm
libsane1:amd64.shlibs
libsane1:amd64.symbols
libsane1:amd64.triggers
libsane-common.conffiles
libsane-common.list
libsane-common.md5sums
libsane-common.postinst
libsane-common.postrm
libsane-common.preinst
libsane-common.prerm
libsane-hpaio:amd64.conffiles
libsane-hpaio:amd64.list
libsane-hpaio:amd64.md5sums
libsane-hpaio:amd64.shlibs
libsasl2-2:amd64.list
libsasl2-2:amd64.md5sums
libsasl2-2:amd64.shlibs
libsasl2-2:amd64.triggers
libsasl2-modules:amd64.conffiles
libsasl2-modules:amd64.list
libsasl2-modules:amd64.md5sums
libsasl2-modules:amd64.postinst
libsasl2-modules-db:amd64.list
libsasl2-modules-db:amd64.md5sums
libsaxon-java.list
libsaxon-java.md5sums
libsbc1:amd64.list
libsbc1:amd64.md5sums
libsbc1:amd64.shlibs
libsbc1:amd64.triggers
libsdl1.2debian:amd64.list
libsdl1.2debian:amd64.md5sums
libsdl1.2debian:amd64.shlibs
libsdl1.2debian:amd64.triggers
libsdl-ttf2.0-0:amd64.list
libsdl-ttf2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libsdl-ttf2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libsdl-ttf2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libseccomp2:amd64.list
libseccomp2:amd64.md5sums
libseccomp2:amd64.shlibs
libseccomp2:amd64.symbols
libseccomp2:amd64.triggers
libsecret-1-0:amd64.list
libsecret-1-0:amd64.md5sums
libsecret-1-0:amd64.shlibs
libsecret-1-0:amd64.symbols
libsecret-1-0:amd64.triggers
libsecret-common.list
libsecret-common.md5sums
libselinux1:amd64.list
libselinux1:amd64.md5sums
libselinux1:amd64.shlibs
libselinux1:amd64.symbols
libselinux1:amd64.triggers
libsemanage1:amd64.list
libsemanage1:amd64.md5sums
libsemanage1:amd64.shlibs
libsemanage1:amd64.symbols
libsemanage1:amd64.triggers
libsemanage-common.conffiles
libsemanage-common.list
libsemanage-common.md5sums
libsensors4:amd64.conffiles
libsensors4:amd64.list
libsensors4:amd64.md5sums
libsensors4:amd64.preinst
libsensors4:amd64.shlibs
libsensors4:amd64.symbols
libsensors4:amd64.triggers
libsepol1:amd64.list
libsepol1:amd64.md5sums
libsepol1:amd64.shlibs
libsepol1:amd64.symbols
libsepol1:amd64.triggers
libsfml-audio2.4:amd64.list
libsfml-audio2.4:amd64.md5sums
libsfml-audio2.4:amd64.shlibs
libsfml-audio2.4:amd64.triggers
libsfml-dev:amd64.list
libsfml-dev:amd64.md5sums
libsfml-graphics2.4:amd64.list
libsfml-graphics2.4:amd64.md5sums
libsfml-graphics2.4:amd64.shlibs
libsfml-graphics2.4:amd64.triggers
libsfml-network2.4:amd64.list
libsfml-network2.4:amd64.md5sums
libsfml-network2.4:amd64.shlibs
libsfml-network2.4:amd64.triggers
libsfml-system2.4:amd64.list
libsfml-system2.4:amd64.md5sums
libsfml-system2.4:amd64.shlibs
libsfml-system2.4:amd64.triggers
libsfml-window2.4:amd64.list
libsfml-window2.4:amd64.md5sums
libsfml-window2.4:amd64.shlibs
libsfml-window2.4:amd64.triggers
libsgutils2-2.list
libsgutils2-2.md5sums
libsgutils2-2.shlibs
libsgutils2-2.symbols
libsgutils2-2.triggers
libshine3:amd64.list
libshine3:amd64.md5sums
libshine3:amd64.shlibs
libshine3:amd64.symbols
libshine3:amd64.triggers
libshout3:amd64.list
libshout3:amd64.md5sums
libshout3:amd64.shlibs
libshout3:amd64.symbols
libshout3:amd64.triggers
libsigc++-2.0-0v5:amd64.list
libsigc++-2.0-0v5:amd64.md5sums
libsigc++-2.0-0v5:amd64.shlibs
libsigc++-2.0-0v5:amd64.symbols
libsigc++-2.0-0v5:amd64.triggers
libsigsegv2:amd64.list
libsigsegv2:amd64.md5sums
libsigsegv2:amd64.shlibs
libsigsegv2:amd64.symbols
libsigsegv2:amd64.triggers
libsisu-guice-java.list
libsisu-guice-java.md5sums
libsisu-inject-java.list
libsisu-inject-java.md5sums
libsisu-ioc-java.list
libsisu-ioc-java.md5sums
libsisu-plexus-java.list
libsisu-plexus-java.md5sums
libskinlf-java.list
libskinlf-java.md5sums
libslang2:amd64.list
libslang2:amd64.md5sums
libslang2:amd64.shlibs
libslang2:amd64.symbols
libslang2:amd64.triggers
libslf4j-java.list
libslf4j-java.md5sums
libsm6:amd64.list
libsm6:amd64.md5sums
libsm6:amd64.postinst
libsm6:amd64.postrm
libsm6:amd64.shlibs
libsmartcols1:amd64.list
libsmartcols1:amd64.md5sums
libsmartcols1:amd64.shlibs
libsmartcols1:amd64.symbols
libsmartcols1:amd64.triggers
libsmbclient:amd64.list
libsmbclient:amd64.md5sums
libsmbclient:amd64.shlibs
libsmbclient:amd64.symbols
libsmbclient:amd64.triggers
libsmbios-c2.list
libsmbios-c2.md5sums
libsmbios-c2.shlibs
libsmbios-c2.triggers
libsm-dev:amd64.list
libsm-dev:amd64.md5sums
libsmi2ldbl:amd64.conffiles
libsmi2ldbl:amd64.list
libsmi2ldbl:amd64.md5sums
libsmi2ldbl:amd64.shlibs
libsmi2ldbl:amd64.symbols
libsmi2ldbl:amd64.triggers
libsnapd-glib1:amd64.list
libsnapd-glib1:amd64.md5sums
libsnapd-glib1:amd64.shlibs
libsnapd-glib1:amd64.symbols
libsnapd-glib1:amd64.triggers
libsnappy1v5:amd64.list
libsnappy1v5:amd64.md5sums
libsnappy1v5:amd64.shlibs
libsnappy1v5:amd64.triggers
libsnappy-java.list
libsnappy-java.md5sums
libsnappy-jni.list
libsnappy-jni.md5sums
libsndfile1:amd64.list
libsndfile1:amd64.md5sums
libsndfile1:amd64.shlibs
libsndfile1:amd64.symbols
libsndfile1:amd64.triggers
libsndio6.1:amd64.list
libsndio6.1:amd64.md5sums
libsndio6.1:amd64.shlibs
libsndio6.1:amd64.symbols
libsndio6.1:amd64.triggers
libsnmp30:amd64.list
libsnmp30:amd64.md5sums
libsnmp30:amd64.shlibs
libsnmp30:amd64.triggers
libsnmp-base.list
libsnmp-base.md5sums
libsnmp-base.postrm
libsnmp-base.prerm
libsocket++1:amd64.list
libsocket++1:amd64.md5sums
libsocket++1:amd64.shlibs
libsocket++1:amd64.triggers
libsocket6-perl.list
libsocket6-perl.md5sums
libsodium23:amd64.list
libsodium23:amd64.md5sums
libsodium23:amd64.shlibs
libsodium23:amd64.symbols
libsodium23:amd64.triggers
libsonic0:amd64.list
libsonic0:amd64.md5sums
libsonic0:amd64.shlibs
libsonic0:amd64.symbols
libsonic0:amd64.triggers
libsoup2.4-1:amd64.list
libsoup2.4-1:amd64.md5sums
libsoup2.4-1:amd64.shlibs
libsoup2.4-1:amd64.symbols
libsoup2.4-1:amd64.triggers
libsoup-gnome2.4-1:amd64.list
libsoup-gnome2.4-1:amd64.md5sums
libsoup-gnome2.4-1:amd64.shlibs
libsoup-gnome2.4-1:amd64.symbols
libsoup-gnome2.4-1:amd64.triggers
libsoxr0:amd64.list
libsoxr0:amd64.md5sums
libsoxr0:amd64.shlibs
libsoxr0:amd64.symbols
libsoxr0:amd64.triggers
libspandsp2:amd64.list
libspandsp2:amd64.md5sums
libspandsp2:amd64.shlibs
libspandsp2:amd64.symbols
libspandsp2:amd64.triggers
libspatialite7:amd64.list
libspatialite7:amd64.md5sums
libspatialite7:amd64.shlibs
libspatialite7:amd64.symbols
libspatialite7:amd64.triggers
libspectre1:amd64.list
libspectre1:amd64.md5sums
libspectre1:amd64.shlibs
libspectre1:amd64.symbols
libspectre1:amd64.triggers
libspeechd2:amd64.list
libspeechd2:amd64.md5sums
libspeechd2:amd64.shlibs
libspeechd2:amd64.symbols
libspeechd2:amd64.triggers
libspeex1:amd64.list
libspeex1:amd64.md5sums
libspeex1:amd64.shlibs
libspeex1:amd64.triggers
libspeexdsp1:amd64.list
libspeexdsp1:amd64.md5sums
libspeexdsp1:amd64.shlibs
libspeexdsp1:amd64.triggers
libspice-server1:amd64.list
libspice-server1:amd64.md5sums
libspice-server1:amd64.shlibs
libspice-server1:amd64.symbols
libspice-server1:amd64.triggers
libsqlite3-0:amd64.list
libsqlite3-0:amd64.md5sums
libsqlite3-0:amd64.shlibs
libsqlite3-0:amd64.symbols
libsqlite3-0:amd64.triggers
libss2:amd64.list
libss2:amd64.md5sums
libss2:amd64.shlibs
libss2:amd64.symbols
libss2:amd64.triggers
libssh-4:amd64.list
libssh-4:amd64.md5sums
libssh-4:amd64.shlibs
libssh-4:amd64.symbols
libssh-4:amd64.triggers
libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.list
libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.md5sums
libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.shlibs
libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.symbols
libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64.triggers
libssl1.0.0:amd64.list
libssl1.0.0:amd64.md5sums
libssl1.0.0:amd64.postinst
libssl1.0.0:amd64.postrm
libssl1.0.0:amd64.shlibs
libssl1.0.0:amd64.symbols
libssl1.0.0:amd64.templates
libssl1.0.0:amd64.triggers
libssl1.1:amd64.list
libssl1.1:amd64.md5sums
libssl1.1:amd64.postinst
libssl1.1:amd64.postrm
libssl1.1:amd64.shlibs
libssl1.1:amd64.symbols
libssl1.1:amd64.templates
libssl1.1:amd64.triggers
libstartup-notification0:amd64.list
libstartup-notification0:amd64.md5sums
libstartup-notification0:amd64.shlibs
libstartup-notification0:amd64.symbols
libstartup-notification0:amd64.triggers
libstax-ex-java.list
libstax-ex-java.md5sums
libstdc++6:amd64.list
libstdc++6:amd64.md5sums
libstdc++6:amd64.postinst
libstdc++6:amd64.prerm
libstdc++6:amd64.shlibs
libstdc++6:amd64.symbols
libstdc++6:amd64.triggers
libstdc++-7-dev:amd64.list
libstdc++-7-dev:amd64.md5sums
libstemmer0d:amd64.list
libstemmer0d:amd64.md5sums
libstemmer0d:amd64.shlibs
libstemmer0d:amd64.symbols
libstemmer0d:amd64.triggers
libstreambuffer-java.list
libstreambuffer-java.md5sums
libsub-name-perl.list
libsub-name-perl.md5sums
libsuitesparseconfig5:amd64.list
libsuitesparseconfig5:amd64.md5sums
libsuitesparseconfig5:amd64.shlibs
libsuitesparseconfig5:amd64.symbols
libsuitesparseconfig5:amd64.triggers
libsuperlu5:amd64.list
libsuperlu5:amd64.md5sums
libsuperlu5:amd64.shlibs
libsuperlu5:amd64.triggers
libswresample2:amd64.list
libswresample2:amd64.md5sums
libswresample2:amd64.shlibs
libswresample2:amd64.triggers
libswresample-dev:amd64.list
libswresample-dev:amd64.md5sums
libswscale4:amd64.list
libswscale4:amd64.md5sums
libswscale4:amd64.shlibs
libswscale4:amd64.triggers
libswscale-dev:amd64.list
libswscale-dev:amd64.md5sums
libsys-hostname-long-perl.list
libsys-hostname-long-perl.md5sums
libsysmetrics1:amd64.list
libsysmetrics1:amd64.md5sums
libsysmetrics1:amd64.shlibs
libsysmetrics1:amd64.symbols
libsysmetrics1:amd64.triggers
libsystemd0:amd64.list
libsystemd0:amd64.md5sums
libsystemd0:amd64.shlibs
libsystemd0:amd64.symbols
libsystemd0:amd64.triggers
libsz2:amd64.list
libsz2:amd64.md5sums
libsz2:amd64.shlibs
libsz2:amd64.triggers
libtablelayout-java.list
libtablelayout-java.md5sums
libtag1v5:amd64.list
libtag1v5:amd64.md5sums
libtag1v5-vanilla:amd64.list
libtag1v5-vanilla:amd64.md5sums
libtag1v5-vanilla:amd64.shlibs
libtag1v5-vanilla:amd64.symbols
libtag1v5-vanilla:amd64.triggers
libtalloc2:amd64.list
libtalloc2:amd64.md5sums
libtalloc2:amd64.shlibs
libtalloc2:amd64.symbols
libtalloc2:amd64.triggers
libtasn1-6:amd64.list
libtasn1-6:amd64.md5sums
libtasn1-6:amd64.shlibs
libtasn1-6:amd64.symbols
libtasn1-6:amd64.triggers
libtbb2:amd64.list
libtbb2:amd64.md5sums
libtbb2:amd64.shlibs
libtbb2:amd64.triggers
libtbb-dev:amd64.list
libtbb-dev:amd64.md5sums
libtcl8.6:amd64.list
libtcl8.6:amd64.md5sums
libtcl8.6:amd64.symbols
libtcl8.6:amd64.triggers
libtclcl1:amd64.list
libtclcl1:amd64.md5sums
libtclcl1:amd64.shlibs
libtclcl1:amd64.symbols
libtclcl1:amd64.triggers
libtdb1:amd64.list
libtdb1:amd64.md5sums
libtdb1:amd64.shlibs
libtdb1:amd64.symbols
libtdb1:amd64.triggers
libteamdctl0:amd64.list
libteamdctl0:amd64.md5sums
libteamdctl0:amd64.shlibs
libteamdctl0:amd64.symbols
libteamdctl0:amd64.triggers
libtesseract4.list
libtesseract4.md5sums
libtesseract4.shlibs
libtesseract4.triggers
libtevent0:amd64.list
libtevent0:amd64.md5sums
libtevent0:amd64.shlibs
libtevent0:amd64.symbols
libtevent0:amd64.triggers
libtext-charwidth-perl.list
libtext-charwidth-perl.md5sums
libtext-iconv-perl.list
libtext-iconv-perl.md5sums
libtext-levenshtein-perl.list
libtext-levenshtein-perl.md5sums
libtext-wrapi18n-perl.list
libtext-wrapi18n-perl.md5sums
libthai0:amd64.list
libthai0:amd64.md5sums
libthai0:amd64.shlibs
libthai0:amd64.symbols
libthai0:amd64.triggers
libthai-data.list
libthai-data.md5sums
libtheora0:amd64.list
libtheora0:amd64.md5sums
libtheora0:amd64.shlibs
libtheora0:amd64.symbols
libtheora0:amd64.triggers
libtie-ixhash-perl.list
libtie-ixhash-perl.md5sums
libtiff5:amd64.list
libtiff5:amd64.md5sums
libtiff5:amd64.shlibs
libtiff5:amd64.symbols
libtiff5:amd64.triggers
libtiff5-dev:amd64.list
libtiff5-dev:amd64.md5sums
libtiff-dev.list
libtiff-dev.md5sums
libtiffxx5:amd64.list
libtiffxx5:amd64.md5sums
libtiffxx5:amd64.shlibs
libtiffxx5:amd64.symbols
libtiffxx5:amd64.triggers
libtimedate-perl.list
libtimedate-perl.md5sums
libtinfo5:amd64.list
libtinfo5:amd64.md5sums
libtinfo5:amd64.shlibs
libtinfo5:amd64.symbols
libtinfo5:amd64.triggers
libtinfo-dev:amd64.list
libtinfo-dev:amd64.md5sums
libtinyxml2.6.2v5:amd64.list
libtinyxml2.6.2v5:amd64.md5sums
libtinyxml2.6.2v5:amd64.shlibs
libtinyxml2.6.2v5:amd64.triggers
libtirpc1:amd64.conffiles
libtirpc1:amd64.list
libtirpc1:amd64.md5sums
libtirpc1:amd64.shlibs
libtirpc1:amd64.triggers
libtk8.6:amd64.list
libtk8.6:amd64.md5sums
libtk8.6:amd64.symbols
libtk8.6:amd64.triggers
libtommath1:amd64.list
libtommath1:amd64.md5sums
libtommath1:amd64.shlibs
libtommath1:amd64.triggers
libtool.list
libtool.md5sums
libtotem-plparser18:amd64.list
libtotem-plparser18:amd64.md5sums
libtotem-plparser18:amd64.shlibs
libtotem-plparser18:amd64.symbols
libtotem-plparser18:amd64.triggers
libtotem-plparser-common.list
libtotem-plparser-common.md5sums
libtracker-sparql-2.0-0:amd64.list
libtracker-sparql-2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libtracker-sparql-2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libtracker-sparql-2.0-0:amd64.symbols
libtracker-sparql-2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libtry-tiny-perl.list
libtry-tiny-perl.md5sums
libtsan0:amd64.list
libtsan0:amd64.md5sums
libtsan0:amd64.shlibs
libtsan0:amd64.symbols
libtsan0:amd64.triggers
libtwolame0:amd64.list
libtwolame0:amd64.md5sums
libtwolame0:amd64.shlibs
libtwolame0:amd64.symbols
libtwolame0:amd64.triggers
libtxw2-java.list
libtxw2-java.md5sums
libu2f-udev.list
libu2f-udev.md5sums
libubsan0:amd64.list
libubsan0:amd64.md5sums
libubsan0:amd64.shlibs
libubsan0:amd64.symbols
libubsan0:amd64.triggers
libudev1:amd64.list
libudev1:amd64.md5sums
libudev1:amd64.shlibs
libudev1:amd64.symbols
libudev1:amd64.triggers
libudisks2-0:amd64.list
libudisks2-0:amd64.md5sums
libudisks2-0:amd64.shlibs
libudisks2-0:amd64.symbols
libudisks2-0:amd64.triggers
libumfpack5:amd64.list
libumfpack5:amd64.md5sums
libumfpack5:amd64.shlibs
libumfpack5:amd64.symbols
libumfpack5:amd64.triggers
libunistring2:amd64.list
libunistring2:amd64.md5sums
libunistring2:amd64.shlibs
libunistring2:amd64.symbols
libunistring2:amd64.triggers
libunity9:amd64.list
libunity9:amd64.md5sums
libunity9:amd64.shlibs
libunity9:amd64.symbols
libunity9:amd64.triggers
libunity-protocol-private0:amd64.list
libunity-protocol-private0:amd64.md5sums
libunity-protocol-private0:amd64.shlibs
libunity-protocol-private0:amd64.triggers
libunity-scopes-json-def-desktop.list
libunity-scopes-json-def-desktop.md5sums
libunwind8:amd64.list
libunwind8:amd64.md5sums
libunwind8:amd64.shlibs
libunwind8:amd64.triggers
libupower-glib3:amd64.list
libupower-glib3:amd64.md5sums
libupower-glib3:amd64.shlibs
libupower-glib3:amd64.symbols
libupower-glib3:amd64.triggers
liburiparser1:amd64.list
liburiparser1:amd64.md5sums
liburiparser1:amd64.shlibs
liburiparser1:amd64.symbols
liburiparser1:amd64.triggers
liburi-perl.list
liburi-perl.md5sums
libusb-1.0-0:amd64.list
libusb-1.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libusb-1.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libusb-1.0-0:amd64.symbols
libusb-1.0-0:amd64.triggers
libusbmuxd4:amd64.list
libusbmuxd4:amd64.md5sums
libusbmuxd4:amd64.shlibs
libusbmuxd4:amd64.symbols
libusbmuxd4:amd64.triggers
libusbredirparser1:amd64.list
libusbredirparser1:amd64.md5sums
libusbredirparser1:amd64.shlibs
libusbredirparser1:amd64.symbols
libusbredirparser1:amd64.triggers
libutempter0:amd64.list
libutempter0:amd64.md5sums
libutempter0:amd64.shlibs
libutempter0:amd64.symbols
libutempter0:amd64.triggers
libuuid1:amd64.list
libuuid1:amd64.md5sums
libuuid1:amd64.shlibs
libuuid1:amd64.symbols
libuuid1:amd64.triggers
libv4l-0:amd64.list
libv4l-0:amd64.md5sums
libv4l-0:amd64.shlibs
libv4l-0:amd64.symbols
libv4l-0:amd64.triggers
libv4lconvert0:amd64.list
libv4lconvert0:amd64.md5sums
libv4lconvert0:amd64.shlibs
libv4lconvert0:amd64.symbols
libv4lconvert0:amd64.triggers
libva2:amd64.list
libva2:amd64.md5sums
libva2:amd64.shlibs
libva2:amd64.symbols
libva2:amd64.triggers
libva-drm2:amd64.list
libva-drm2:amd64.md5sums
libva-drm2:amd64.shlibs
libva-drm2:amd64.symbols
libva-drm2:amd64.triggers
libva-x11-2:amd64.list
libva-x11-2:amd64.md5sums
libva-x11-2:amd64.shlibs
libva-x11-2:amd64.symbols
libva-x11-2:amd64.triggers
libvdpau1:amd64.conffiles
libvdpau1:amd64.list
libvdpau1:amd64.md5sums
libvdpau1:amd64.shlibs
libvdpau1:amd64.symbols
libvdpau1:amd64.triggers
libvisio-0.1-1:amd64.list
libvisio-0.1-1:amd64.md5sums
libvisio-0.1-1:amd64.shlibs
libvisio-0.1-1:amd64.triggers
libvisual-0.4-0:amd64.list
libvisual-0.4-0:amd64.md5sums
libvisual-0.4-0:amd64.shlibs
libvisual-0.4-0:amd64.symbols
libvisual-0.4-0:amd64.triggers
libvncclient1:amd64.list
libvncclient1:amd64.md5sums
libvncclient1:amd64.shlibs
libvncclient1:amd64.symbols
libvncclient1:amd64.triggers
libvolume-key1.list
libvolume-key1.md5sums
libvolume-key1.shlibs
libvolume-key1.symbols
libvolume-key1.triggers
libvorbis0a:amd64.list
libvorbis0a:amd64.md5sums
libvorbis0a:amd64.shlibs
libvorbis0a:amd64.symbols
libvorbis0a:amd64.triggers
libvorbisenc2:amd64.list
libvorbisenc2:amd64.md5sums
libvorbisenc2:amd64.shlibs
libvorbisenc2:amd64.symbols
libvorbisenc2:amd64.triggers
libvorbisfile3:amd64.list
libvorbisfile3:amd64.md5sums
libvorbisfile3:amd64.shlibs
libvorbisfile3:amd64.symbols
libvorbisfile3:amd64.triggers
libvpx5:amd64.list
libvpx5:amd64.md5sums
libvpx5:amd64.shlibs
libvpx5:amd64.symbols
libvpx5:amd64.triggers
libvsqlitepp3v5:amd64.list
libvsqlitepp3v5:amd64.md5sums
libvsqlitepp3v5:amd64.shlibs
libvsqlitepp3v5:amd64.triggers
libvte-2.91-0:amd64.list
libvte-2.91-0:amd64.md5sums
libvte-2.91-0:amd64.shlibs
libvte-2.91-0:amd64.symbols
libvte-2.91-0:amd64.triggers
libvte-2.91-common.conffiles
libvte-2.91-common.list
libvte-2.91-common.md5sums
libvtk6.3.list
libvtk6.3.md5sums
libvtk6.3.shlibs
libvtk6.3.triggers
libwacom2:amd64.list
libwacom2:amd64.md5sums
libwacom2:amd64.shlibs
libwacom2:amd64.symbols
libwacom2:amd64.triggers
libwacom-bin.list
libwacom-bin.md5sums
libwacom-common.list
libwacom-common.md5sums
libwagon-http-java.list
libwagon-http-java.md5sums
libwagon-provider-api-java.list
libwagon-provider-api-java.md5sums
libwavpack1:amd64.list
libwavpack1:amd64.md5sums
libwavpack1:amd64.shlibs
libwavpack1:amd64.symbols
libwavpack1:amd64.triggers
libwayland-client0:amd64.list
libwayland-client0:amd64.md5sums
libwayland-client0:amd64.shlibs
libwayland-client0:amd64.symbols
libwayland-client0:amd64.triggers
libwayland-cursor0:amd64.list
libwayland-cursor0:amd64.md5sums
libwayland-cursor0:amd64.shlibs
libwayland-cursor0:amd64.symbols
libwayland-cursor0:amd64.triggers
libwayland-egl1:amd64.list
libwayland-egl1:amd64.md5sums
libwayland-egl1:amd64.shlibs
libwayland-egl1:amd64.symbols
libwayland-egl1:amd64.triggers
libwayland-egl1-mesa:amd64.list
libwayland-egl1-mesa:amd64.md5sums
libwayland-server0:amd64.list
libwayland-server0:amd64.md5sums
libwayland-server0:amd64.shlibs
libwayland-server0:amd64.symbols
libwayland-server0:amd64.triggers
libwbclient0:amd64.list
libwbclient0:amd64.md5sums
libwbclient0:amd64.shlibs
libwbclient0:amd64.symbols
libwbclient0:amd64.triggers
libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37:amd64.list
libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37:amd64.md5sums
libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37:amd64.shlibs
libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37:amd64.symbols
libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37:amd64.triggers
libwebp6:amd64.list
libwebp6:amd64.md5sums
libwebp6:amd64.shlibs
libwebp6:amd64.symbols
libwebp6:amd64.triggers
libwebpdemux2:amd64.list
libwebpdemux2:amd64.md5sums
libwebpdemux2:amd64.shlibs
libwebpdemux2:amd64.symbols
libwebpdemux2:amd64.triggers
libwebpmux3:amd64.list
libwebpmux3:amd64.md5sums
libwebpmux3:amd64.shlibs
libwebpmux3:amd64.symbols
libwebpmux3:amd64.triggers
libwebrtc-audio-processing1:amd64.list
libwebrtc-audio-processing1:amd64.md5sums
libwebrtc-audio-processing1:amd64.shlibs
libwebrtc-audio-processing1:amd64.triggers
libwhoopsie0:amd64.list
libwhoopsie0:amd64.md5sums
libwhoopsie0:amd64.shlibs
libwhoopsie0:amd64.symbols
libwhoopsie0:amd64.triggers
libwhoopsie-preferences0.list
libwhoopsie-preferences0.md5sums
libwhoopsie-preferences0.shlibs
libwhoopsie-preferences0.symbols
libwhoopsie-preferences0.triggers
libwind0-heimdal:amd64.list
libwind0-heimdal:amd64.md5sums
libwind0-heimdal:amd64.shlibs
libwind0-heimdal:amd64.symbols
libwind0-heimdal:amd64.triggers
libwinpr2-2:amd64.list
libwinpr2-2:amd64.md5sums
libwinpr2-2:amd64.shlibs
libwinpr2-2:amd64.symbols
libwinpr2-2:amd64.triggers
libwireshark11:amd64.list
libwireshark11:amd64.md5sums
libwireshark11:amd64.shlibs
libwireshark11:amd64.symbols
libwireshark11:amd64.triggers
libwireshark-data.conffiles
libwireshark-data.list
libwireshark-data.md5sums
libwiretap8:amd64.list
libwiretap8:amd64.md5sums
libwiretap8:amd64.shlibs
libwiretap8:amd64.symbols
libwiretap8:amd64.triggers
libwmf0.2-7:amd64.list
libwmf0.2-7:amd64.md5sums
libwmf0.2-7:amd64.postinst
libwmf0.2-7:amd64.shlibs
libwmf0.2-7:amd64.triggers
libwmf0.2-7-gtk.list
libwmf0.2-7-gtk.md5sums
libwnck-3-0:amd64.list
libwnck-3-0:amd64.md5sums
libwnck-3-0:amd64.shlibs
libwnck-3-0:amd64.symbols
libwnck-3-0:amd64.triggers
libwnck-3-common.list
libwnck-3-common.md5sums
libwoff1:amd64.list
libwoff1:amd64.md5sums
libwoff1:amd64.shlibs
libwoff1:amd64.triggers
libwpd-0.10-10:amd64.list
libwpd-0.10-10:amd64.md5sums
libwpd-0.10-10:amd64.shlibs
libwpd-0.10-10:amd64.triggers
libwpg-0.3-3:amd64.list
libwpg-0.3-3:amd64.md5sums
libwpg-0.3-3:amd64.shlibs
libwpg-0.3-3:amd64.triggers
libwrap0:amd64.list
libwrap0:amd64.md5sums
libwrap0:amd64.postinst
libwrap0:amd64.postrm
libwrap0:amd64.shlibs
libwrap0:amd64.symbols
libwrap0:amd64.triggers
libwscodecs2:amd64.list
libwscodecs2:amd64.md5sums
libwscodecs2:amd64.shlibs
libwscodecs2:amd64.symbols
libwscodecs2:amd64.triggers
libwsutil9:amd64.list
libwsutil9:amd64.md5sums
libwsutil9:amd64.shlibs
libwsutil9:amd64.symbols
libwsutil9:amd64.triggers
libwww-perl.list
libwww-perl.md5sums
libwww-robotrules-perl.list
libwww-robotrules-perl.md5sums
libwxbase3.0-0v5:amd64.list
libwxbase3.0-0v5:amd64.md5sums
libwxbase3.0-0v5:amd64.shlibs
libwxbase3.0-0v5:amd64.triggers
libwxgtk3.0-0v5:amd64.list
libwxgtk3.0-0v5:amd64.md5sums
libwxgtk3.0-0v5:amd64.shlibs
libwxgtk3.0-0v5:amd64.triggers
libx11-6:amd64.list
libx11-6:amd64.md5sums
libx11-6:amd64.shlibs
libx11-6:amd64.symbols
libx11-6:amd64.triggers
libx11-data.list
libx11-data.md5sums
libx11-dev:amd64.list
libx11-dev:amd64.md5sums
libx11-doc.list
libx11-doc.md5sums
libx11-protocol-perl.list
libx11-protocol-perl.md5sums
libx11-xcb1:amd64.list
libx11-xcb1:amd64.md5sums
libx11-xcb1:amd64.shlibs
libx11-xcb1:amd64.triggers
libx11-xcb-dev:amd64.list
libx11-xcb-dev:amd64.md5sums
libx264-152:amd64.list
libx264-152:amd64.md5sums
libx264-152:amd64.shlibs
libx264-152:amd64.triggers
libx265-146:amd64.list
libx265-146:amd64.md5sums
libx265-146:amd64.shlibs
libx265-146:amd64.symbols
libx265-146:amd64.triggers
libxalan2-java.list
libxalan2-java.md5sums
libxapian30:amd64.list
libxapian30:amd64.md5sums
libxapian30:amd64.shlibs
libxapian30:amd64.triggers
libxatracker2:amd64.list
libxatracker2:amd64.md5sums
libxatracker2:amd64.shlibs
libxatracker2:amd64.symbols
libxatracker2:amd64.triggers
libxau6:amd64.list
libxau6:amd64.md5sums
libxau6:amd64.postinst
libxau6:amd64.postrm
libxau6:amd64.shlibs
libxau-dev:amd64.list
libxau-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxaw7:amd64.list
libxaw7:amd64.md5sums
libxaw7:amd64.postinst
libxaw7:amd64.postrm
libxaw7:amd64.shlibs
libxcb1:amd64.list
libxcb1:amd64.md5sums
libxcb1:amd64.shlibs
libxcb1:amd64.symbols
libxcb1:amd64.triggers
libxcb1-dev:amd64.list
libxcb1-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-dri2-0:amd64.list
libxcb-dri2-0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-dri2-0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-dri2-0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-dri2-0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-dri2-0-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-dri2-0-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-dri3-0:amd64.list
libxcb-dri3-0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-dri3-0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-dri3-0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-dri3-0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-dri3-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-dri3-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-glx0:amd64.list
libxcb-glx0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-glx0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-glx0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-glx0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-glx0-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-glx0-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-icccm4:amd64.list
libxcb-icccm4:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-icccm4:amd64.postinst
libxcb-icccm4:amd64.postrm
libxcb-icccm4:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-image0:amd64.list
libxcb-image0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-image0:amd64.postinst
libxcb-image0:amd64.postrm
libxcb-image0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-image0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-keysyms1:amd64.list
libxcb-keysyms1:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-keysyms1:amd64.postinst
libxcb-keysyms1:amd64.postrm
libxcb-keysyms1:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-present0:amd64.list
libxcb-present0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-present0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-present0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-present0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-present-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-present-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-randr0:amd64.list
libxcb-randr0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-randr0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-randr0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-randr0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-randr0-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-randr0-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-render0:amd64.list
libxcb-render0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-render0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-render0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-render0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-render0-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-render0-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-render-util0:amd64.list
libxcb-render-util0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-render-util0:amd64.postinst
libxcb-render-util0:amd64.postrm
libxcb-render-util0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-render-util0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-res0:amd64.list
libxcb-res0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-res0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-res0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-res0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-shape0:amd64.list
libxcb-shape0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-shape0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-shape0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-shape0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-shape0-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-shape0-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-shm0:amd64.list
libxcb-shm0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-shm0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-shm0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-shm0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-sync1:amd64.list
libxcb-sync1:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-sync1:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-sync1:amd64.symbols
libxcb-sync1:amd64.triggers
libxcb-sync-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-sync-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-util1:amd64.list
libxcb-util1:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-util1:amd64.postinst
libxcb-util1:amd64.postrm
libxcb-util1:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-util1:amd64.symbols
libxcb-xfixes0:amd64.list
libxcb-xfixes0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-xfixes0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-xfixes0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-xfixes0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-xfixes0-dev:amd64.list
libxcb-xfixes0-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-xinerama0:amd64.list
libxcb-xinerama0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-xinerama0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-xinerama0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-xinerama0:amd64.triggers
libxcb-xkb1:amd64.list
libxcb-xkb1:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-xkb1:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-xkb1:amd64.symbols
libxcb-xkb1:amd64.triggers
libxcb-xv0:amd64.list
libxcb-xv0:amd64.md5sums
libxcb-xv0:amd64.shlibs
libxcb-xv0:amd64.symbols
libxcb-xv0:amd64.triggers
libxcomposite1:amd64.list
libxcomposite1:amd64.md5sums
libxcomposite1:amd64.shlibs
libxcomposite1:amd64.triggers
libxcursor1:amd64.list
libxcursor1:amd64.md5sums
libxcursor1:amd64.shlibs
libxcursor1:amd64.triggers
libxdamage1:amd64.list
libxdamage1:amd64.md5sums
libxdamage1:amd64.shlibs
libxdamage1:amd64.triggers
libxdamage-dev:amd64.list
libxdamage-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxdmcp6:amd64.list
libxdmcp6:amd64.md5sums
libxdmcp6:amd64.shlibs
libxdmcp6:amd64.triggers
libxdmcp-dev:amd64.list
libxdmcp-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxen-4.9:amd64.list
libxen-4.9:amd64.md5sums
libxen-4.9:amd64.shlibs
libxen-4.9:amd64.triggers
libxenstore3.0:amd64.list
libxenstore3.0:amd64.md5sums
libxenstore3.0:amd64.shlibs
libxenstore3.0:amd64.symbols
libxenstore3.0:amd64.triggers
libxerces2-java.list
libxerces2-java.md5sums
libxerces-c3.2:amd64.list
libxerces-c3.2:amd64.md5sums
libxerces-c3.2:amd64.shlibs
libxerces-c3.2:amd64.triggers
libxext6:amd64.list
libxext6:amd64.md5sums
libxext6:amd64.postinst
libxext6:amd64.postrm
libxext6:amd64.shlibs
libxext6:amd64.symbols
libxext-dev:amd64.list
libxext-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxfixes3:amd64.list
libxfixes3:amd64.md5sums
libxfixes3:amd64.shlibs
libxfixes3:amd64.symbols
libxfixes3:amd64.triggers
libxfixes-dev:amd64.list
libxfixes-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxfont2:amd64.list
libxfont2:amd64.md5sums
libxfont2:amd64.shlibs
libxfont2:amd64.triggers
libxft2:amd64.list
libxft2:amd64.md5sums
libxft2:amd64.postinst
libxft2:amd64.postrm
libxft2:amd64.shlibs
libxi6:amd64.list
libxi6:amd64.md5sums
libxi6:amd64.shlibs
libxi6:amd64.symbols
libxi6:amd64.triggers
libxinerama1:amd64.list
libxinerama1:amd64.md5sums
libxinerama1:amd64.postinst
libxinerama1:amd64.postrm
libxinerama1:amd64.shlibs
libxkbcommon0:amd64.list
libxkbcommon0:amd64.md5sums
libxkbcommon0:amd64.shlibs
libxkbcommon0:amd64.symbols
libxkbcommon0:amd64.triggers
libxkbcommon-x11-0:amd64.list
libxkbcommon-x11-0:amd64.md5sums
libxkbcommon-x11-0:amd64.shlibs
libxkbcommon-x11-0:amd64.symbols
libxkbcommon-x11-0:amd64.triggers
libxkbfile1:amd64.list
libxkbfile1:amd64.md5sums
libxkbfile1:amd64.shlibs
libxkbfile1:amd64.triggers
libxklavier16:amd64.list
libxklavier16:amd64.md5sums
libxklavier16:amd64.shlibs
libxklavier16:amd64.symbols
libxklavier16:amd64.triggers
libxml2:amd64.list
libxml2:amd64.md5sums
libxml2:amd64.shlibs
libxml2:amd64.symbols
libxml2:amd64.triggers
libxml-commons-external-java.list
libxml-commons-external-java.md5sums
libxml-commons-resolver1.1-java.conffiles
libxml-commons-resolver1.1-java.list
libxml-commons-resolver1.1-java.md5sums
libxmlgraphics-commons-java.list
libxmlgraphics-commons-java.md5sums
libxml-libxml-perl.list
libxml-libxml-perl.md5sums
libxml-libxml-perl.postinst
libxml-libxml-perl.prerm
libxml-namespacesupport-perl.list
libxml-namespacesupport-perl.md5sums
libxml-parser-perl.list
libxml-parser-perl.md5sums
libxml-sax-base-perl.list
libxml-sax-base-perl.md5sums
libxml-sax-expat-perl.list
libxml-sax-expat-perl.md5sums
libxml-sax-expat-perl.postinst
libxml-sax-expat-perl.prerm
libxml-sax-perl.list
libxml-sax-perl.md5sums
libxml-sax-perl.postinst
libxml-sax-perl.postrm
libxml-sax-perl.preinst
libxml-sax-perl.prerm
libxmlsec1:amd64.list
libxmlsec1:amd64.md5sums
libxmlsec1:amd64.shlibs
libxmlsec1:amd64.triggers
libxmlsec1-nss:amd64.list
libxmlsec1-nss:amd64.md5sums
libxmlsec1-nss:amd64.shlibs
libxmlsec1-nss:amd64.triggers
libxml-simple-perl.list
libxml-simple-perl.md5sums
libxml-twig-perl.list
libxml-twig-perl.md5sums
libxml-xpathengine-perl.list
libxml-xpathengine-perl.md5sums
libxmu6:amd64.list
libxmu6:amd64.md5sums
libxmu6:amd64.shlibs
libxmu6:amd64.triggers
libxmuu1:amd64.list
libxmuu1:amd64.md5sums
libxmuu1:amd64.shlibs
libxmuu1:amd64.triggers
libxpm4:amd64.list
libxpm4:amd64.md5sums
libxpm4:amd64.shlibs
libxpm4:amd64.triggers
libxrandr2:amd64.list
libxrandr2:amd64.md5sums
libxrandr2:amd64.shlibs
libxrandr2:amd64.symbols
libxrandr2:amd64.triggers
libxrender1:amd64.list
libxrender1:amd64.md5sums
libxrender1:amd64.shlibs
libxrender1:amd64.triggers
libxres1:amd64.list
libxres1:amd64.md5sums
libxres1:amd64.shlibs
libxres1:amd64.triggers
libxshmfence1:amd64.list
libxshmfence1:amd64.md5sums
libxshmfence1:amd64.shlibs
libxshmfence1:amd64.symbols
libxshmfence1:amd64.triggers
libxshmfence-dev:amd64.list
libxshmfence-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxslt1.1:amd64.list
libxslt1.1:amd64.md5sums
libxslt1.1:amd64.shlibs
libxslt1.1:amd64.symbols
libxslt1.1:amd64.triggers
libxsom-java.list
libxsom-java.md5sums
libxss1:amd64.list
libxss1:amd64.md5sums
libxss1:amd64.postinst
libxss1:amd64.postrm
libxss1:amd64.shlibs
libxt6:amd64.list
libxt6:amd64.md5sums
libxt6:amd64.shlibs
libxt6:amd64.symbols
libxt6:amd64.triggers
libxtables12:amd64.list
libxtables12:amd64.md5sums
libxtables12:amd64.shlibs
libxtables12:amd64.symbols
libxtables12:amd64.triggers
libxt-dev:amd64.list
libxt-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxtst6:amd64.list
libxtst6:amd64.md5sums
libxtst6:amd64.shlibs
libxtst6:amd64.triggers
libxv1:amd64.list
libxv1:amd64.md5sums
libxv1:amd64.shlibs
libxv1:amd64.triggers
libxvidcore4:amd64.list
libxvidcore4:amd64.md5sums
libxvidcore4:amd64.shlibs
libxvidcore4:amd64.symbols
libxvidcore4:amd64.triggers
libxvmc1:amd64.conffiles
libxvmc1:amd64.list
libxvmc1:amd64.md5sums
libxvmc1:amd64.shlibs
libxvmc1:amd64.triggers
libxxf86dga1:amd64.list
libxxf86dga1:amd64.md5sums
libxxf86dga1:amd64.postinst
libxxf86dga1:amd64.postrm
libxxf86dga1:amd64.shlibs
libxxf86vm1:amd64.list
libxxf86vm1:amd64.md5sums
libxxf86vm1:amd64.postinst
libxxf86vm1:amd64.postrm
libxxf86vm1:amd64.shlibs
libxxf86vm-dev:amd64.list
libxxf86vm-dev:amd64.md5sums
libxz-java.list
libxz-java.md5sums
libyajl2:amd64.list
libyajl2:amd64.md5sums
libyajl2:amd64.shlibs
libyajl2:amd64.symbols
libyajl2:amd64.triggers
libyaml-0-2:amd64.list
libyaml-0-2:amd64.md5sums
libyaml-0-2:amd64.shlibs
libyaml-0-2:amd64.symbols
libyaml-0-2:amd64.triggers
libyaml-libyaml-perl.list
libyaml-libyaml-perl.md5sums
libyelp0:amd64.list
libyelp0:amd64.md5sums
libyelp0:amd64.shlibs
libyelp0:amd64.symbols
libyelp0:amd64.triggers
libzeitgeist-2.0-0:amd64.list
libzeitgeist-2.0-0:amd64.md5sums
libzeitgeist-2.0-0:amd64.shlibs
libzeitgeist-2.0-0:amd64.symbols
libzeitgeist-2.0-0:amd64.triggers
libzip4:amd64.list
libzip4:amd64.md5sums
libzip4:amd64.shlibs
libzip4:amd64.symbols
libzip4:amd64.triggers
libzstd1:amd64.list
libzstd1:amd64.md5sums
libzstd1:amd64.shlibs
libzstd1:amd64.symbols
libzstd1:amd64.triggers
libzvbi0:amd64.list
libzvbi0:amd64.md5sums
libzvbi0:amd64.shlibs
libzvbi0:amd64.symbols
libzvbi0:amd64.triggers
libzvbi-common.list
libzvbi-common.md5sums
light-themes.list
light-themes.md5sums
light-themes.postinst
light-themes.postrm
light-themes.preinst
light-themes.prerm
lintian.conffiles
lintian.list
lintian.md5sums
linux-base.list
linux-base.md5sums
linux-base.postinst
linux-base.postrm
linux-base.templates
linux-firmware.list
linux-firmware.md5sums
linux-firmware.postinst
linux-generic-hwe-18.04.list
linux-generic-hwe-18.04.md5sums
linux-headers-4.18.0-25-generic.list
linux-headers-4.18.0-25-generic.md5sums
linux-headers-4.18.0-25-generic.postinst
linux-headers-4.18.0-25.list
linux-headers-4.18.0-25.md5sums
linux-headers-5.0.0-23-generic.list
linux-headers-5.0.0-23-generic.md5sums
linux-headers-5.0.0-23-generic.postinst
linux-headers-5.0.0-23.list
linux-headers-5.0.0-23.md5sums
linux-headers-generic-hwe-18.04.list
linux-headers-generic-hwe-18.04.md5sums
linux-image-4.18.0-15-generic.list
linux-image-4.18.0-15-generic.postrm
linux-image-4.18.0-25-generic.list
linux-image-4.18.0-25-generic.md5sums
linux-image-4.18.0-25-generic.postinst
linux-image-4.18.0-25-generic.postrm
linux-image-4.18.0-25-generic.preinst
linux-image-4.18.0-25-generic.prerm
linux-image-4.18.0-25-generic.triggers
linux-image-5.0.0-23-generic.list
linux-image-5.0.0-23-generic.md5sums
linux-image-5.0.0-23-generic.postinst
linux-image-5.0.0-23-generic.postrm
linux-image-5.0.0-23-generic.preinst
linux-image-5.0.0-23-generic.prerm
linux-image-5.0.0-23-generic.triggers
linux-image-generic-hwe-18.04.list
linux-image-generic-hwe-18.04.md5sums
linux-libc-dev:amd64.list
linux-libc-dev:amd64.md5sums
linux-modules-4.18.0-15-generic.list
linux-modules-4.18.0-15-generic.postrm
linux-modules-4.18.0-25-generic.list
linux-modules-4.18.0-25-generic.md5sums
linux-modules-4.18.0-25-generic.postinst
linux-modules-4.18.0-25-generic.postrm
linux-modules-5.0.0-23-generic.list
linux-modules-5.0.0-23-generic.md5sums
linux-modules-5.0.0-23-generic.postinst
linux-modules-5.0.0-23-generic.postrm
linux-modules-extra-4.18.0-15-generic.list
linux-modules-extra-4.18.0-15-generic.postrm
linux-modules-extra-4.18.0-25-generic.list
linux-modules-extra-4.18.0-25-generic.md5sums
linux-modules-extra-4.18.0-25-generic.postinst
linux-modules-extra-4.18.0-25-generic.postrm
linux-modules-extra-5.0.0-23-generic.list
linux-modules-extra-5.0.0-23-generic.md5sums
linux-modules-extra-5.0.0-23-generic.postinst
linux-modules-extra-5.0.0-23-generic.postrm
linux-sound-base.config
linux-sound-base.list
linux-sound-base.md5sums
linux-sound-base.postinst
linux-sound-base.postrm
linux-sound-base.templates
locales.conffiles
locales.config
locales.list
locales.md5sums
locales.postinst
locales.postrm
locales.prerm
locales.templates
login.conffiles
login.list
login.md5sums
login.postinst
login.preinst
logrotate.conffiles
logrotate.list
logrotate.md5sums
logrotate.postrm
logrotate.preinst
lp-solve.list
lp-solve.md5sums
lsb-base.list
lsb-base.md5sums
lsb-base.postinst
lsb-base.postrm
lsb-base.preinst
lsb-base.prerm
lsb-release.list
lsb-release.md5sums
lsb-release.postinst
lsb-release.postrm
lshw.list
lshw.md5sums
lsof.list
lsof.md5sums
ltrace.conffiles
ltrace.list
ltrace.md5sums
m4.list
m4.md5sums
make.list
make.md5sums
man-db.conffiles
man-db.config
man-db.list
man-db.md5sums
man-db.postinst
man-db.postrm
man-db.preinst
man-db.templates
man-db.triggers
manpages-dev.list
manpages-dev.md5sums
manpages.list
manpages.md5sums
mawk.list
mawk.md5sums
mawk.postinst
mawk.prerm
media-player-info.list
media-player-info.md5sums
memtest86+.conffiles
memtest86+.config
memtest86+.list
memtest86+.md5sums
memtest86+.postinst
memtest86+.postrm
memtest86+.templates
mesa-common-dev:amd64.list
mesa-common-dev:amd64.md5sums
mesa-va-drivers:amd64.list
mesa-va-drivers:amd64.md5sums
mesa-vdpau-drivers:amd64.list
mesa-vdpau-drivers:amd64.md5sums
mesa-vdpau-drivers:amd64.shlibs
mesa-vdpau-drivers:amd64.triggers
mime-support.conffiles
mime-support.list
mime-support.md5sums
mime-support.postinst
mime-support.prerm
mime-support.triggers
mlocate.conffiles
mlocate.list
mlocate.md5sums
mlocate.postinst
mlocate.postrm
mlocate.prerm
mobile-broadband-provider-info.list
mobile-broadband-provider-info.md5sums
modemmanager.conffiles
modemmanager.list
modemmanager.md5sums
modemmanager.postinst
modemmanager.postrm
modemmanager.preinst
modemmanager.prerm
mount.list
mount.md5sums
mousetweaks.list
mousetweaks.md5sums
mscompress.list
mscompress.md5sums
msr-tools.list
msr-tools.md5sums
mtools.conffiles
mtools.list
mtools.md5sums
mtr-tiny.list
mtr-tiny.md5sums
mtr-tiny.postinst
multiarch-support.list
multiarch-support.md5sums
mutter-common.list
mutter-common.md5sums
mutter.list
mutter.md5sums
mutter.postinst
mutter.prerm
mysql-client-5.7.list
mysql-client-5.7.md5sums
mysql-client-core-5.7.list
mysql-client-core-5.7.md5sums
mysql-client.list
mysql-client.md5sums
mysql-common.conffiles
mysql-common.list
mysql-common.md5sums
mysql-common.postinst
mysql-common.postrm
mysql-common.preinst
mysql-common.prerm
mysql-server-5.7.conffiles
mysql-server-5.7.config
mysql-server-5.7.list
mysql-server-5.7.md5sums
mysql-server-5.7.postinst
mysql-server-5.7.postrm
mysql-server-5.7.preinst
mysql-server-5.7.prerm
mysql-server-5.7.templates
mysql-server-core-5.7.list
mysql-server-core-5.7.md5sums
mysql-server.list
mysql-server.md5sums
mysql-utilities.list
mysql-utilities.md5sums
mysql-utilities.postinst
mysql-utilities.postrm
mysql-utilities.preinst
mysql-utilities.prerm
mysql-workbench-data.list
mysql-workbench-data.md5sums
mysql-workbench.list
mysql-workbench.md5sums
mysql-workbench.postinst
mysql-workbench.prerm
mysql-workbench.shlibs
nam.list
nam.md5sums
nano.conffiles
nano.list
nano.md5sums
nano.postinst
nano.prerm
nasm.list
nasm.md5sums
nautilus.conffiles
nautilus-data.list
nautilus-data.md5sums
nautilus-extension-gnome-terminal.list
nautilus-extension-gnome-terminal.md5sums
nautilus.list
nautilus.md5sums
nautilus.postrm
nautilus-sendto.list
nautilus-sendto.md5sums
nautilus-share.list
nautilus-share.md5sums
ncurses-base.conffiles
ncurses-base.list
ncurses-base.md5sums
ncurses-bin.list
ncurses-bin.md5sums
ncurses-term.list
ncurses-term.md5sums
netbase.conffiles
netbase.list
netbase.md5sums
netbase.postinst
netbase.postrm
netcat-openbsd.list
netcat-openbsd.md5sums
netcat-openbsd.postinst
netcat-openbsd.prerm
netpbm.list
netpbm.md5sums
netplan.io.list
netplan.io.md5sums
networkd-dispatcher.conffiles
networkd-dispatcher.list
networkd-dispatcher.md5sums
networkd-dispatcher.postinst
networkd-dispatcher.postrm
networkd-dispatcher.prerm
nfs-common.conffiles
nfs-common.list
nfs-common.md5sums
nfs-common.postinst
nfs-common.postrm
nfs-common.preinst
nfs-common.prerm
nmap.list
nmap.md5sums
notification-daemon.list
notification-daemon.md5sums
notification-daemon.postinst
notification-daemon.postrm
notification-daemon.preinst
notification-daemon.prerm
nplan.list
nplan.md5sums
nscd.conffiles
nscd.list
nscd.md5sums
nscd.postinst
nscd.postrm
nscd.prerm
ntfs-3g.list
ntfs-3g.md5sums
ntfs-3g.postinst
ntfs-3g.postrm
ntfs-3g.triggers
ocl-icd-libopencl1:amd64.list
ocl-icd-libopencl1:amd64.md5sums
ocl-icd-libopencl1:amd64.shlibs
ocl-icd-libopencl1:amd64.symbols
ocl-icd-libopencl1:amd64.triggers
odbcinst1debian2:amd64.list
odbcinst1debian2:amd64.md5sums
odbcinst1debian2:amd64.shlibs
odbcinst1debian2:amd64.symbols
odbcinst1debian2:amd64.triggers
odbcinst.conffiles
odbcinst.list
odbcinst.md5sums
odbcinst.postinst
odbcinst.postrm
opencv-data.list
opencv-data.md5sums
openjdk-11-jdk:amd64.list
openjdk-11-jdk:amd64.md5sums
openjdk-11-jdk:amd64.postinst
openjdk-11-jdk:amd64.prerm
openjdk-11-jdk-headless:amd64.list
openjdk-11-jdk-headless:amd64.md5sums
openjdk-11-jdk-headless:amd64.postinst
openjdk-11-jdk-headless:amd64.preinst
openjdk-11-jdk-headless:amd64.prerm
openjdk-11-jre:amd64.list
openjdk-11-jre:amd64.md5sums
openjdk-11-jre:amd64.postinst
openjdk-11-jre:amd64.prerm
openjdk-11-jre-headless:amd64.conffiles
openjdk-11-jre-headless:amd64.list
openjdk-11-jre-headless:amd64.md5sums
openjdk-11-jre-headless:amd64.postinst
openjdk-11-jre-headless:amd64.postrm
openjdk-11-jre-headless:amd64.prerm
openmpi-bin.conffiles
openmpi-bin.list
openmpi-bin.md5sums
openmpi-bin.postinst
openmpi-bin.prerm
openmpi-common.list
openmpi-common.md5sums
openprinting-ppds.list
openprinting-ppds.md5sums
openssh-client.conffiles
openssh-client.list
openssh-client.md5sums
openssh-client.postinst
openssh-client.postrm
openssh-client.prerm
openssh-server.conffiles
openssh-server.config
openssh-server.list
openssh-server.md5sums
openssh-server.postinst
openssh-server.postrm
openssh-server.preinst
openssh-server.prerm
openssh-server.templates
openssh-sftp-server.list
openssh-sftp-server.md5sums
openssl.conffiles
openssl.list
openssl.md5sums
openssl.postinst
orca.conffiles
orca.list
orca.md5sums
orca.postinst
orca.prerm
os-prober.list
os-prober.md5sums
p11-kit.list
p11-kit.md5sums
p11-kit-modules:amd64.list
p11-kit-modules:amd64.md5sums
packagekit.conffiles
packagekit.list
packagekit.md5sums
packagekit.postinst
packagekit.postrm
packagekit.preinst
packagekit.prerm
packagekit-tools.list
packagekit-tools.md5sums
parted.list
parted.md5sums
passwd.conffiles
passwd.list
passwd.md5sums
passwd.postinst
passwd.postrm
passwd.preinst
passwd.prerm
patch.list
patch.md5sums
patchutils.list
patchutils.md5sums
pciutils.list
pciutils.md5sums
pciutils.postinst
pciutils.postrm
pciutils.preinst
pcmciautils.list
pcmciautils.md5sums
pcmciautils.postinst
pcmciautils.postrm
pcmciautils.preinst
pcmciautils.prerm
perl-base.list
perl-base.md5sums
perl.conffiles
perl.list
perl.md5sums
perl-modules-5.26.list
perl-modules-5.26.md5sums
perl-openssl-defaults:amd64.list
perl-openssl-defaults:amd64.md5sums
perl.postinst
perl.postrm
perl.preinst
pgadmin4-common.list
pgadmin4-common.md5sums
pgadmin4-common.postinst
pgadmin4-common.prerm
pgadmin4-doc.list
pgadmin4-doc.md5sums
pgadmin4.list
pgadmin4.md5sums
pgdg-keyring.list
pgdg-keyring.md5sums
pgdg-keyring.postinst
pgdg-keyring.postrm
pinentry-curses.list
pinentry-curses.md5sums
pinentry-curses.postinst
pinentry-curses.prerm
pinentry-gnome3.list
pinentry-gnome3.md5sums
pinentry-gnome3.postinst
pinentry-gnome3.prerm
pkg-config.conffiles
pkg-config.list
pkg-config.md5sums
pkg-config.postinst
pkg-config.prerm
plymouth.conffiles
plymouth-label.list
plymouth-label.md5sums
plymouth.list
plymouth.md5sums
plymouth.postinst
plymouth.postrm
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-logo.list
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-logo.md5sums
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-logo.postinst
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-logo.postrm
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-logo.prerm
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text.list
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text.md5sums
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text.postinst
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text.postrm
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text.prerm
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text.triggers
po-debconf.list
po-debconf.md5sums
policykit-1.conffiles
policykit-1.list
policykit-1.md5sums
policykit-1.postinst
policykit-1.postrm
policykit-1.preinst
policykit-1.prerm
policykit-desktop-privileges.list
policykit-desktop-privileges.md5sums
poppler-data.conffiles
poppler-data.list
poppler-data.md5sums
poppler-data.postinst
poppler-data.prerm
poppler-utils.list
poppler-utils.md5sums
popularity-contest.conffiles
popularity-contest.config
popularity-contest.list
popularity-contest.md5sums
popularity-contest.postinst
popularity-contest.postrm
popularity-contest.preinst
popularity-contest.templates
postgresql-10.list
postgresql-10.md5sums
postgresql-10.postinst
postgresql-10.postrm
postgresql-10.preinst
postgresql-10.prerm
postgresql-client-10.list
postgresql-client-10.md5sums
postgresql-client-10.postinst
postgresql-client-10.prerm
postgresql-client-common.conffiles
postgresql-client-common.list
postgresql-client-common.md5sums
postgresql-client-common.postrm
postgresql-common.conffiles
postgresql-common.config
postgresql-common.list
postgresql-common.md5sums
postgresql-common.postinst
postgresql-common.postrm
postgresql-common.preinst
postgresql-common.prerm
postgresql-common.templates
postgresql-common.triggers
powermgmt-base.list
powermgmt-base.md5sums
ppp.conffiles
pppconfig.conffiles
pppconfig.list
pppconfig.md5sums
pppconfig.postinst
pppconfig.postrm
pppconfig.prerm
ppp.list
ppp.md5sums
pppoeconf.list
pppoeconf.md5sums
pppoeconf.postinst
pppoeconf.postrm
ppp.postinst
ppp.postrm
ppp.preinst
ppp.prerm
ppp.symbols
pptp-linux.conffiles
pptp-linux.list
pptp-linux.md5sums
printer-driver-brlaser.list
printer-driver-brlaser.md5sums
printer-driver-c2esp.list
printer-driver-c2esp.md5sums
printer-driver-foo2zjs-common.list
printer-driver-foo2zjs-common.md5sums
printer-driver-foo2zjs.list
printer-driver-foo2zjs.md5sums
printer-driver-foo2zjs.postinst
printer-driver-foo2zjs.preinst
printer-driver-gutenprint.list
printer-driver-gutenprint.md5sums
printer-driver-gutenprint.postrm
printer-driver-hpcups.list
printer-driver-hpcups.md5sums
printer-driver-m2300w.list
printer-driver-m2300w.md5sums
printer-driver-min12xxw.list
printer-driver-min12xxw.md5sums
printer-driver-pnm2ppa.config
printer-driver-pnm2ppa.list
printer-driver-pnm2ppa.md5sums
printer-driver-pnm2ppa.postinst
printer-driver-pnm2ppa.postrm
printer-driver-pnm2ppa.prerm
printer-driver-pnm2ppa.templates
printer-driver-postscript-hp.list
printer-driver-postscript-hp.md5sums
printer-driver-ptouch.list
printer-driver-ptouch.md5sums
printer-driver-pxljr.list
printer-driver-pxljr.md5sums
printer-driver-sag-gdi.list
printer-driver-sag-gdi.md5sums
printer-driver-splix.list
printer-driver-splix.md5sums
procps.conffiles
procps.list
procps.md5sums
procps.postinst
procps.postrm
procps.preinst
procps.prerm
proj-bin.list
proj-bin.md5sums
proj-data.list
proj-data.md5sums
psmisc.list
psmisc.md5sums
psmisc.postinst
psmisc.postrm
publicsuffix.list
publicsuffix.md5sums
pulseaudio.conffiles
pulseaudio.list
pulseaudio.md5sums
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.list
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.md5sums
pulseaudio.postinst
pulseaudio.postrm
pulseaudio.preinst
pulseaudio.prerm
pulseaudio-utils.list
pulseaudio-utils.md5sums
python2.7.list
python2.7.md5sums
python2.7-minimal.list
python2.7-minimal.md5sums
python2.7-minimal.postinst
python2.7-minimal.postrm
python2.7-minimal.preinst
python2.7-minimal.prerm
python2.7.postinst
python2.7.prerm
python3.6-dev.list
python3.6-dev.md5sums
python3.6-dev.postinst
python3.6.list
python3.6.md5sums
python3.6-minimal.list
python3.6-minimal.md5sums
python3.6-minimal.postinst
python3.6-minimal.postrm
python3.6-minimal.preinst
python3.6-minimal.prerm
python3.6.postinst
python3.6.prerm
python3.6-venv.list
python3.6-venv.md5sums
python3.6-venv.postinst
python3.6-venv.postrm
python3.6-venv.prerm
python3.7.list
python3.7.md5sums
python3.7-minimal.list
python3.7-minimal.md5sums
python3.7-minimal.postinst
python3.7-minimal.postrm
python3.7-minimal.preinst
python3.7-minimal.prerm
python3.7.postinst
python3.7.prerm
python3-alembic.list
python3-alembic.md5sums
python3-alembic.postinst
python3-alembic.prerm
python3-apport.list
python3-apport.md5sums
python3-apport.postinst
python3-apport.prerm
python3-aptdaemon.gtk3widgets.list
python3-aptdaemon.gtk3widgets.md5sums
python3-aptdaemon.gtk3widgets.postinst
python3-aptdaemon.gtk3widgets.prerm
python3-aptdaemon.list
python3-aptdaemon.md5sums
python3-aptdaemon.postinst
python3-aptdaemon.prerm
python3-apt.list
python3-apt.md5sums
python3-apt.postinst
python3-apt.prerm
python3-asn1crypto.list
python3-asn1crypto.md5sums
python3-asn1crypto.postinst
python3-asn1crypto.prerm
python3-babel.list
python3-babel.md5sums
python3-babel.postinst
python3-babel.prerm
python3-blinker.list
python3-blinker.md5sums
python3-blinker.postinst
python3-blinker.prerm
python3-brlapi.list
python3-brlapi.md5sums
python3-cairo:amd64.list
python3-cairo:amd64.md5sums
python3-cairo:amd64.postinst
python3-cairo:amd64.prerm
python3-certifi.list
python3-certifi.md5sums
python3-certifi.postinst
python3-certifi.prerm
python3-cffi-backend.list
python3-cffi-backend.md5sums
python3-chardet.list
python3-chardet.md5sums
python3-chardet.postinst
python3-chardet.prerm
python3-click.list
python3-click.md5sums
python3-click.postinst
python3-click.prerm
python3-colorama.list
python3-colorama.md5sums
python3-colorama.postinst
python3-colorama.prerm
python3-commandnotfound.list
python3-commandnotfound.md5sums
python3-commandnotfound.postinst
python3-commandnotfound.prerm
python3-cryptography.list
python3-cryptography.md5sums
python3-cryptography.postinst
python3-cryptography.prerm
python3-crypto.list
python3-crypto.md5sums
python3-crypto.postinst
python3-crypto.prerm
python3-cupshelpers.conffiles
python3-cupshelpers.list
python3-cupshelpers.md5sums
python3-cupshelpers.postinst
python3-cupshelpers.prerm
python3-cups.list
python3-cups.md5sums
python3-dateutil.list
python3-dateutil.md5sums
python3-dateutil.postinst
python3-dateutil.prerm
python3-dbus.list
python3-dbus.md5sums
python3-dbus.postinst
python3-dbus.prerm
python3-debconf.list
python3-debconf.md5sums
python3-debconf.postinst
python3-debconf.prerm
python3-debian.list
python3-debian.md5sums
python3-debian.postinst
python3-debian.prerm
python3-defer.list
python3-defer.md5sums
python3-defer.postinst
python3-defer.prerm
python3-dev.list
python3-dev.md5sums
python3-distro-info.list
python3-distro-info.md5sums
python3-distro-info.postinst
python3-distro-info.prerm
python3-distupgrade.list
python3-distupgrade.md5sums
python3-distupgrade.postinst
python3-distupgrade.prerm
python3-distutils.list
python3-distutils.md5sums
python3-distutils.postinst
python3-distutils.prerm
python3-flask-babelex.list
python3-flask-babelex.md5sums
python3-flask-babelex.postinst
python3-flask-babelex.prerm
python3-flaskext.wtf.list
python3-flaskext.wtf.md5sums
python3-flaskext.wtf.postinst
python3-flaskext.wtf.prerm
python3-flask-gravatar.list
python3-flask-gravatar.md5sums
python3-flask-gravatar.postinst
python3-flask-gravatar.prerm
python3-flask-htmlmin.list
python3-flask-htmlmin.md5sums
python3-flask-htmlmin.postinst
python3-flask-htmlmin.prerm
python3-flask.list
python3-flask-login.list
python3-flask-login.md5sums
python3-flask-login.postinst
python3-flask-login.prerm
python3-flask-mail.list
python3-flask-mail.md5sums
python3-flask-mail.postinst
python3-flask-mail.prerm
python3-flask.md5sums
python3-flask-migrate.list
python3-flask-migrate.md5sums
python3-flask-migrate.postinst
python3-flask-migrate.prerm
python3-flask-paranoid.list
python3-flask-paranoid.md5sums
python3-flask-paranoid.postinst
python3-flask-paranoid.prerm
python3-flask.postinst
python3-flask.prerm
python3-flask-principal.list
python3-flask-principal.md5sums
python3-flask-principal.postinst
python3-flask-principal.prerm
python3-flask-security.list
python3-flask-security.md5sums
python3-flask-security.postinst
python3-flask-security.prerm
python3-flask-sqlalchemy.list
python3-flask-sqlalchemy.md5sums
python3-flask-sqlalchemy.postinst
python3-flask-sqlalchemy.prerm
python3-gdbm:amd64.list
python3-gdbm:amd64.md5sums
python3-gi-cairo.list
python3-gi-cairo.md5sums
python3-gi.list
python3-gi.md5sums
python3-gi.postinst
python3-gi.prerm
python3-htmlmin.list
python3-htmlmin.md5sums
python3-htmlmin.postinst
python3-htmlmin.prerm
python3-httplib2.list
python3-httplib2.md5sums
python3-httplib2.postinst
python3-httplib2.prerm
python3-idna.list
python3-idna.md5sums
python3-idna.postinst
python3-idna.prerm
python3-itsdangerous.list
python3-itsdangerous.md5sums
python3-itsdangerous.postinst
python3-itsdangerous.prerm
python3-jedi.list
python3-jedi.md5sums
python3-jedi.postinst
python3-jedi.prerm
python3-jinja2.list
python3-jinja2.md5sums
python3-jinja2.postinst
python3-jinja2.prerm
python3-keyring.list
python3-keyring.md5sums
python3-keyring.postinst
python3-keyring.prerm
python3-keyrings.alt.list
python3-keyrings.alt.md5sums
python3-keyrings.alt.postinst
python3-keyrings.alt.prerm
python3-launchpadlib.list
python3-launchpadlib.md5sums
python3-launchpadlib.postinst
python3-launchpadlib.prerm
python3-lazr.restfulclient.list
python3-lazr.restfulclient.md5sums
python3-lazr.restfulclient.postinst
python3-lazr.restfulclient.prerm
python3-lazr.uri.list
python3-lazr.uri.md5sums
python3-lazr.uri.postinst
python3-lazr.uri.prerm
python3-lib2to3.list
python3-lib2to3.md5sums
python3-lib2to3.postinst
python3-lib2to3.prerm
python3.list
python3-louis.list
python3-louis.md5sums
python3-louis.postinst
python3-louis.prerm
python3-macaroonbakery.list
python3-macaroonbakery.md5sums
python3-macaroonbakery.postinst
python3-macaroonbakery.prerm
python3-mako.list
python3-mako.md5sums
python3-mako.postinst
python3-mako.prerm
python3-markupsafe.list
python3-markupsafe.md5sums
python3-markupsafe.postinst
python3-markupsafe.prerm
python3.md5sums
python3-minimal.list
python3-minimal.md5sums
python3-minimal.postinst
python3-minimal.prerm
python3-nacl.list
python3-nacl.md5sums
python3-nacl.postinst
python3-nacl.prerm
python3-netifaces.list
python3-netifaces.md5sums
python3-numpy.list
python3-numpy.md5sums
python3-numpy.postinst
python3-numpy.prerm
python3-oauth.list
python3-oauth.md5sums
python3-oauth.postinst
python3-oauth.prerm
python3-olefile.list
python3-olefile.md5sums
python3-olefile.postinst
python3-olefile.prerm
python3-opencv.list
python3-opencv.md5sums
python3-openssl.list
python3-openssl.md5sums
python3-openssl.postinst
python3-openssl.prerm
python3-paramiko.list
python3-paramiko.md5sums
python3-paramiko.postinst
python3-paramiko.prerm
python3-parso.list
python3-parso.md5sums
python3-parso.postinst
python3-parso.prerm
python3-passlib.list
python3-passlib.md5sums
python3-passlib.postinst
python3-passlib.prerm
python3-pexpect.list
python3-pexpect.md5sums
python3-pexpect.postinst
python3-pexpect.prerm
python3-pil:amd64.list
python3-pil:amd64.md5sums
python3-pil:amd64.postinst
python3-pil:amd64.prerm
python3-pip.list
python3-pip.md5sums
python3-pip.postinst
python3-pip.prerm
python3-pkg-resources.list
python3-pkg-resources.md5sums
python3-pkg-resources.postinst
python3-pkg-resources.prerm
python3.postinst
python3.postrm
python3.preinst
python3.prerm
python3-problem-report.list
python3-problem-report.md5sums
python3-problem-report.postinst
python3-problem-report.prerm
python3-protobuf.list
python3-protobuf.md5sums
python3-protobuf.postinst
python3-protobuf.prerm
python3-psutil.list
python3-psutil.md5sums
python3-psutil.postinst
python3-psutil.prerm
python3-psycopg2.list
python3-psycopg2.md5sums
python3-psycopg2.postinst
python3-psycopg2.prerm
python3-ptyprocess.list
python3-ptyprocess.md5sums
python3-ptyprocess.postinst
python3-ptyprocess.prerm
python3-pyasn1.list
python3-pyasn1.md5sums
python3-pyasn1.postinst
python3-pyasn1.prerm
python3-pyatspi.list
python3-pyatspi.md5sums
python3-pyatspi.postinst
python3-pyatspi.prerm
python3-pyinotify.list
python3-pyinotify.md5sums
python3-pyinotify.postinst
python3-pyinotify.prerm
python3-pymacaroons.list
python3-pymacaroons.md5sums
python3-pymacaroons.postinst
python3-pymacaroons.prerm
python3-renderpm:amd64.list
python3-renderpm:amd64.md5sums
python3-reportlab-accel:amd64.list
python3-reportlab-accel:amd64.md5sums
python3-reportlab.list
python3-reportlab.md5sums
python3-reportlab.postinst
python3-reportlab.prerm
python3-requests.list
python3-requests.md5sums
python3-requests.postinst
python3-requests.prerm
python3-requests-unixsocket.list
python3-requests-unixsocket.md5sums
python3-requests-unixsocket.postinst
python3-requests-unixsocket.prerm
python3-rfc3339.list
python3-rfc3339.md5sums
python3-rfc3339.postinst
python3-rfc3339.prerm
python3-scour.list
python3-scour.md5sums
python3-scour.postinst
python3-scour.prerm
python3-secretstorage.list
python3-secretstorage.md5sums
python3-secretstorage.postinst
python3-secretstorage.prerm
python3-setuptools.list
python3-setuptools.md5sums
python3-setuptools.postinst
python3-setuptools.prerm
python3-simplejson.list
python3-simplejson.md5sums
python3-simplejson.postinst
python3-simplejson.prerm
python3-six.list
python3-six.md5sums
python3-six.postinst
python3-six.prerm
python3-software-properties.list
python3-software-properties.md5sums
python3-software-properties.postinst
python3-software-properties.prerm
python3-speechd.list
python3-speechd.md5sums
python3-speechd.postinst
python3-speechd.prerm
python3-sqlalchemy.list
python3-sqlalchemy.md5sums
python3-sqlalchemy.postinst
python3-sqlalchemy.prerm
python3-sqlparse.list
python3-sqlparse.md5sums
python3-sqlparse.postinst
python3-sqlparse.prerm
python3-sshtunnel.list
python3-sshtunnel.md5sums
python3-sshtunnel.postinst
python3-sshtunnel.prerm
python3-systemd.list
python3-systemd.md5sums
python3-systemd.postinst
python3-systemd.prerm
python3-tk:amd64.list
python3-tk:amd64.md5sums
python3-tk:amd64.postinst
python3-tk:amd64.prerm
python3-tz.list
python3-tz.md5sums
python3-tz.postinst
python3-tz.prerm
python3-uno.list
python3-uno.md5sums
python3-uno.postinst
python3-uno.prerm
python3-update-manager.list
python3-update-manager.md5sums
python3-update-manager.postinst
python3-update-manager.prerm
python3-urllib3.list
python3-urllib3.md5sums
python3-urllib3.postinst
python3-urllib3.prerm
python3-venv.list
python3-venv.md5sums
python3-wadllib.list
python3-wadllib.md5sums
python3-wadllib.postinst
python3-wadllib.prerm
python3-werkzeug.list
python3-werkzeug.md5sums
python3-werkzeug.postinst
python3-werkzeug.prerm
python3-wheel.list
python3-wheel.md5sums
python3-wheel.postinst
python3-wheel.prerm
python3-wtforms.list
python3-wtforms.md5sums
python3-wtforms.postinst
python3-wtforms.prerm
python3-xdg.list
python3-xdg.md5sums
python3-xdg.postinst
python3-xdg.prerm
python3-xkit.list
python3-xkit.md5sums
python3-xkit.postinst
python3-xkit.prerm
python3-yaml.list
python3-yaml.md5sums
python3-yaml.postinst
python3-yaml.prerm
python3-zope.interface.list
python3-zope.interface.md5sums
python3-zope.interface.postinst
python3-zope.interface.prerm
python-apt-common.list
python-apt-common.md5sums
python-asn1crypto.list
python-asn1crypto.md5sums
python-asn1crypto.postinst
python-asn1crypto.prerm
python-babel-localedata.list
python-babel-localedata.md5sums
python-cffi-backend.list
python-cffi-backend.md5sums
python-cryptography.list
python-cryptography.md5sums
python-cryptography.postinst
python-cryptography.prerm
python-enum34.list
python-enum34.md5sums
python-enum34.postinst
python-enum34.prerm
python-idna.list
python-idna.md5sums
python-idna.postinst
python-idna.prerm
python-ipaddress.list
python-ipaddress.md5sums
python-ipaddress.postinst
python-ipaddress.prerm
python.list
python.md5sums
python-minimal.list
python-minimal.md5sums
python-minimal.postinst
python-minimal.prerm
python-mysql.connector.list
python-mysql.connector.md5sums
python-mysql.connector.postinst
python-mysql.connector.prerm
python-paramiko.list
python-paramiko.md5sums
python-paramiko.postinst
python-paramiko.prerm
python-pexpect.list
python-pexpect.md5sums
python-pexpect.postinst
python-pexpect.prerm
python-pip-whl.list
python-pip-whl.md5sums
python.postinst
python.postrm
python.preinst
python.prerm
python-ptyprocess.list
python-ptyprocess.md5sums
python-ptyprocess.postinst
python-ptyprocess.prerm
python-pyasn1.list
python-pyasn1.md5sums
python-pyasn1.postinst
python-pyasn1.prerm
python-pyodbc.list
python-pyodbc.md5sums
python-pysqlite2.list
python-pysqlite2.md5sums
python-pysqlite2.postinst
python-pysqlite2.prerm
python-six.list
python-six.md5sums
python-six.postinst
python-six.prerm
python-talloc.list
python-talloc.md5sums
python-talloc.shlibs
python-talloc.symbols
python-talloc.triggers
qemu-block-extra:amd64.list
qemu-block-extra:amd64.md5sums
qemu.list
qemu.md5sums
qemu-slof.list
qemu-slof.md5sums
qemu-system-arm.list
qemu-system-arm.md5sums
qemu-system-common.conffiles
qemu-system-common.list
qemu-system-common.md5sums
qemu-system-common.postinst
qemu-system-common.postrm
qemu-system-common.preinst
qemu-system-common.prerm
qemu-system.list
qemu-system.md5sums
qemu-system-mips.list
qemu-system-mips.md5sums
qemu-system-misc.list
qemu-system-misc.md5sums
qemu-system-ppc.list
qemu-system-ppc.md5sums
qemu-system-s390x.list
qemu-system-s390x.md5sums
qemu-system-sparc.list
qemu-system-sparc.md5sums
qemu-system-x86.conffiles
qemu-system-x86.list
qemu-system-x86.md5sums
qemu-system-x86.postinst
qemu-system-x86.postrm
qemu-system-x86.preinst
qemu-user-binfmt.list
qemu-user-binfmt.md5sums
qemu-user-binfmt.postinst
qemu-user-binfmt.prerm
qemu-user.list
qemu-user.md5sums
qemu-utils.list
qemu-utils.md5sums
qpdf.list
qpdf.md5sums
qt5-gtk-platformtheme:amd64.list
qt5-gtk-platformtheme:amd64.md5sums
qttranslations5-l10n.list
qttranslations5-l10n.md5sums
r-base-core.conffiles
r-base-core.list
r-base-core.md5sums
r-base-core.postinst
r-base-core.postrm
r-base-core.preinst
r-base-core.prerm
r-base-dev.list
r-base-dev.md5sums
r-base-dev.preinst
r-base-html.list
r-base-html.md5sums
r-base.list
r-base.md5sums
r-cran-boot.list
r-cran-boot.md5sums
r-cran-class.list
r-cran-class.md5sums
r-cran-cluster.list
r-cran-cluster.md5sums
r-cran-codetools.list
r-cran-codetools.md5sums
r-cran-foreign.list
r-cran-foreign.md5sums
r-cran-kernsmooth.list
r-cran-kernsmooth.md5sums
r-cran-lattice.list
r-cran-lattice.md5sums
r-cran-mass.list
r-cran-mass.md5sums
r-cran-matrix.list
r-cran-matrix.md5sums
r-cran-mgcv.list
r-cran-mgcv.md5sums
r-cran-nlme.list
r-cran-nlme.md5sums
r-cran-nnet.list
r-cran-nnet.md5sums
r-cran-rpart.list
r-cran-rpart.md5sums
r-cran-spatial.list
r-cran-spatial.md5sums
r-cran-survival.list
r-cran-survival.md5sums
r-doc-html.list
r-doc-html.md5sums
r-doc-html.preinst
readline-common.list
readline-common.md5sums
readline-common.postinst
readline-common.postrm
rfkill.list
rfkill.md5sums
rfkill.postinst
rfkill.postrm
rfkill.preinst
rfkill.prerm
rpcbind.conffiles
rpcbind.list
rpcbind.md5sums
rpcbind.postinst
rpcbind.postrm
rpcbind.prerm
r-recommended.list
r-recommended.md5sums
r-recommended.preinst
rstudio.list
rstudio.md5sums
rstudio.postinst
rstudio.postrm
rsync.conffiles
rsync.list
rsync.md5sums
rsync.postinst
rsync.postrm
rsync.prerm
rsyslog.conffiles
rsyslog.list
rsyslog.md5sums
rsyslog.postinst
rsyslog.postrm
rsyslog.preinst
rsyslog.prerm
rsyslog.triggers
rtkit.conffiles
rtkit.list
rtkit.md5sums
rtkit.postinst
rtkit.postrm
rtkit.prerm
samba-libs:amd64.list
samba-libs:amd64.md5sums
samba-libs:amd64.preinst
samba-libs:amd64.shlibs
samba-libs:amd64.triggers
sane-utils.conffiles
sane-utils.config
sane-utils.list
sane-utils.md5sums
sane-utils.postinst
sane-utils.postrm
sane-utils.prerm
sane-utils.templates
sbsigntool.list
sbsigntool.md5sums
scilab-cli.list
scilab-cli.md5sums
scilab-data.list
scilab-data.md5sums
scilab-doc.list
scilab-doc.md5sums
scilab-full-bin.list
scilab-full-bin.md5sums
scilab-full-bin.shlibs
scilab-full-bin.triggers
scilab-include.list
scilab-include.md5sums
scilab.list
scilab.md5sums
scilab-minimal-bin.list
scilab-minimal-bin.md5sums
scilab-minimal-bin.shlibs
scilab-minimal-bin.triggers
scour.list
scour.md5sums
seabios.list
seabios.md5sums
seahorse.list
seahorse.md5sums
secureboot-db.list
secureboot-db.md5sums
secureboot-db.postinst
sed.list
sed.md5sums
sensible-utils.list
sensible-utils.md5sums
session-migration.list
session-migration.md5sums
sgml-base.list
sgml-base.md5sums
sgml-base.postinst
sgml-base.postrm
sgml-base.preinst
sgml-base.prerm
sgml-base.triggers
sgml-data.conffiles
sgml-data.list
sgml-data.md5sums
sgml-data.postinst
sgml-data.postrm
sgml-data.preinst
sgml-data.prerm
shared-mime-info.list
shared-mime-info.md5sums
shared-mime-info.postinst
shared-mime-info.postrm
shared-mime-info.triggers
sharutils.list
sharutils.md5sums
snapd.conffiles
snapd.list
snapd.md5sums
snapd.postinst
snapd.postrm
snapd.preinst
snapd.prerm
software-properties-common.conffiles
software-properties-common.list
software-properties-common.md5sums
software-properties-common.postinst
software-properties-common.prerm
software-properties-gtk.list
software-properties-gtk.md5sums
software-properties-gtk.postinst
software-properties-gtk.prerm
sound-icons.list
sound-icons.md5sums
sound-theme-freedesktop.list
sound-theme-freedesktop.md5sums
speech-dispatcher-audio-plugins:amd64.list
speech-dispatcher-audio-plugins:amd64.md5sums
speech-dispatcher.conffiles
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.list
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.md5sums
speech-dispatcher.list
speech-dispatcher.md5sums
speech-dispatcher.postinst
speech-dispatcher.postrm
speech-dispatcher.preinst
speech-dispatcher.prerm
spice-vdagent.conffiles
spice-vdagent.list
spice-vdagent.md5sums
spice-vdagent.postinst
spice-vdagent.postrm
spice-vdagent.prerm
squashfs-tools.list
squashfs-tools.md5sums
ssh-import-id.conffiles
ssh-import-id.list
ssh-import-id.md5sums
ssh-import-id.postinst
ssh-import-id.prerm
ssl-cert.list
ssl-cert.md5sums
ssl-cert.postinst
ssl-cert.postrm
ssl-cert.templates
strace.list
strace.md5sums
sudo.conffiles
sudo.list
sudo.md5sums
sudo.postinst
sudo.postrm
sudo.preinst
sudo.prerm
swi-prolog.list
swi-prolog.md5sums
swi-prolog-nox.list
swi-prolog-nox.md5sums
swi-prolog-nox.postinst
swi-prolog-nox.postrm
swi-prolog-nox.prerm
swi-prolog-nox.shlibs
swi-prolog-nox.triggers
swi-prolog-x.list
swi-prolog-x.md5sums
swi-prolog-x.preinst
syslinux-common.list
syslinux-common.md5sums
syslinux-legacy.list
syslinux-legacy.md5sums
syslinux.list
syslinux.md5sums
sysstat.conffiles
sysstat.config
sysstat.list
sysstat.md5sums
sysstat.postinst
sysstat.postrm
sysstat.prerm
sysstat.templates
system-config-printer-common.conffiles
system-config-printer-common.list
system-config-printer-common.md5sums
system-config-printer-common.postinst
system-config-printer-common.postrm
system-config-printer-common.preinst
system-config-printer-common.prerm
system-config-printer.conffiles
system-config-printer.list
system-config-printer.md5sums
system-config-printer.postinst
system-config-printer.prerm
system-config-printer-udev.list
system-config-printer-udev.md5sums
systemd.conffiles
systemd.list
systemd.md5sums
systemd.postinst
systemd.postrm
systemd.preinst
systemd.prerm
systemd-sysv.list
systemd-sysv.md5sums
systemd-sysv.postinst
systemd.triggers
sysvinit-utils.list
sysvinit-utils.md5sums
t1utils.list
t1utils.md5sums
tar.conffiles
tar.list
tar.md5sums
tar.postinst
tar.prerm
tcl8.6.list
tcl8.6.md5sums
tcl8.6.postinst
tcl8.6.postrm
tcl8.6.prerm
tcl.list
tcl.md5sums
tcl.preinst
tcpdump.conffiles
tcpdump.list
tcpdump.md5sums
tcpdump.postinst
tcpdump.postrm
telnet.list
telnet.md5sums
telnet.postinst
telnet.postrm
telnet.prerm
thermald.conffiles
thermald.list
thermald.md5sums
thermald.postinst
thermald.postrm
thermald.preinst
thermald.prerm
thonny.list
thonny.md5sums
thonny.postinst
thonny.prerm
time.list
time.md5sums
tk8.6-blt2.5.list
tk8.6-blt2.5.md5sums
tk8.6-blt2.5.shlibs
tk8.6-blt2.5.triggers
tk8.6.list
tk8.6.md5sums
tk8.6.postinst
tk8.6.postrm
tk8.6.prerm
tk.list
tk.md5sums
tk.preinst
traceroute.list
traceroute.md5sums
traceroute.postinst
traceroute.prerm
ttf-bitstream-vera.list
ttf-bitstream-vera.md5sums
tzdata.config
tzdata.list
tzdata.md5sums
tzdata.postinst
tzdata.postrm
tzdata.templates
ubuntu-advantage-tools.conffiles
ubuntu-advantage-tools.list
ubuntu-advantage-tools.md5sums
ubuntu-advantage-tools.postinst
ubuntu-advantage-tools.postrm
ubuntu-advantage-tools.preinst
ubuntu-advantage-tools.prerm
ubuntu-artwork.list
ubuntu-artwork.md5sums
ubuntu-docs.list
ubuntu-docs.md5sums
ubuntu-drivers-common.config
ubuntu-drivers-common.list
ubuntu-drivers-common.md5sums
ubuntu-drivers-common.postinst
ubuntu-drivers-common.postrm
ubuntu-drivers-common.prerm
ubuntu-drivers-common.templates
ubuntu-keyring.list
ubuntu-keyring.md5sums
ubuntu-keyring.postinst
ubuntu-minimal.list
ubuntu-minimal.md5sums
ubuntu-mono.list
ubuntu-mono.md5sums
ubuntu-mono.postinst
ubuntu-mono.postrm
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core.conffiles
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core.list
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core.md5sums
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core.postinst
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core.preinst
ubuntu-release-upgrader-gtk.list
ubuntu-release-upgrader-gtk.md5sums
ubuntu-report.list
ubuntu-report.md5sums
ubuntu-session.list
ubuntu-session.md5sums
ubuntu-settings.list
ubuntu-settings.md5sums
ubuntu-settings.postinst
ubuntu-settings.postrm
ubuntu-settings.preinst
ubuntu-settings.prerm
ubuntu-software.list
ubuntu-software.md5sums
ubuntu-sounds.list
ubuntu-sounds.md5sums
ubuntu-standard.list
ubuntu-standard.md5sums
ubuntu-system-service.conffiles
ubuntu-system-service.list
ubuntu-system-service.md5sums
ubuntu-system-service.postinst
ubuntu-system-service.prerm
ubuntu-wallpapers-bionic.list
ubuntu-wallpapers-bionic.md5sums
ubuntu-wallpapers.list
ubuntu-wallpapers.md5sums
ubuntu-wallpapers.postinst
ucf.conffiles
ucf.list
ucf.md5sums
ucf.postinst
ucf.postrm
ucf.preinst
ucf.templates
udev.conffiles
udev.list
udev.md5sums
udev.postinst
udev.postrm
udev.preinst
udev.prerm
udev.triggers
udisks2.conffiles
udisks2.list
udisks2.md5sums
udisks2.postinst
udisks2.postrm
udisks2.prerm
ufw.conffiles
ufw.config
ufw.list
ufw.md5sums
ufw.postinst
ufw.postrm
ufw.preinst
ufw.prerm
ufw.templates
ufw.triggers
unattended-upgrades.conffiles
unattended-upgrades.config
unattended-upgrades.list
unattended-upgrades.md5sums
unattended-upgrades.postinst
unattended-upgrades.postrm
unattended-upgrades.prerm
unattended-upgrades.templates
uno-libs3.list
uno-libs3.md5sums
uno-libs3.shlibs
uno-libs3.symbols
uno-libs3.triggers
unrar.list
unrar.md5sums
unrar.postinst
unrar.prerm
unzip.list
unzip.md5sums
unzip.postinst
unzip.postrm
update-inetd.list
update-inetd.md5sums
update-inetd.postinst
update-inetd.postrm
update-inetd.templates
update-manager-core.list
update-manager-core.md5sums
update-manager.list
update-manager.md5sums
update-manager.postinst
update-manager.prerm
update-notifier-common.conffiles
update-notifier-common.list
update-notifier-common.md5sums
update-notifier-common.postinst
update-notifier-common.postrm
update-notifier-common.preinst
update-notifier-common.triggers
update-notifier.conffiles
update-notifier.list
update-notifier.md5sums
update-notifier.postinst
update-notifier.postrm
update-notifier.preinst
upower.conffiles
upower.list
upower.md5sums
upower.postinst
upower.postrm
upower.prerm
ureadahead.list
ureadahead.md5sums
ureadahead.postinst
ureadahead.postrm
ureadahead.preinst
ureadahead.prerm
ureadahead.triggers
ure.list
ure.md5sums
usb-creator-common.conffiles
usb-creator-common.list
usb-creator-common.md5sums
usb-creator-common.postinst
usb-creator-common.prerm
usb-modeswitch.conffiles
usb-modeswitch-data.list
usb-modeswitch-data.md5sums
usb-modeswitch.list
usb-modeswitch.md5sums
usb-modeswitch.postinst
usb-modeswitch.postrm
usb-modeswitch.preinst
usb-modeswitch.prerm
usbmuxd.list
usbmuxd.md5sums
usbmuxd.postinst
usbutils.list
usbutils.md5sums
util-linux.conffiles
util-linux.list
util-linux.md5sums
util-linux.postinst
util-linux.postrm
util-linux.preinst
util-linux.prerm
uuid-runtime.conffiles
uuid-runtime.list
uuid-runtime.md5sums
uuid-runtime.postinst
uuid-runtime.postrm
uuid-runtime.prerm
va-driver-all:amd64.list
va-driver-all:amd64.md5sums
vdpau-driver-all:amd64.list
vdpau-driver-all:amd64.md5sums
vim-common.conffiles
vim-common.list
vim-common.md5sums
vim-common.preinst
vim.list
vim.md5sums
vim.postinst
vim.postrm
vim.preinst
vim.prerm
vim-runtime.list
vim-runtime.md5sums
vim-runtime.postinst
vim-runtime.postrm
vim-runtime.preinst
vim-tiny.conffiles
vim-tiny.list
vim-tiny.md5sums
vim-tiny.postinst
vim-tiny.postrm
vim-tiny.preinst
vim-tiny.prerm
virtualbox-6.0.list
virtualbox-6.0.md5sums
virtualbox-6.0.postinst
virtualbox-6.0.postrm
virtualbox-6.0.preinst
virtualbox-6.0.prerm
virtualbox-6.0.templates
wamerican.config
wamerican.list
wamerican.md5sums
wamerican.postinst
wamerican.postrm
wamerican.templates
wbrazilian.config
wbrazilian.list
wbrazilian.md5sums
wbrazilian.postinst
wbrazilian.postrm
wbrazilian.templates
wbritish.config
wbritish.list
wbritish.md5sums
wbritish.postinst
wbritish.postrm
wbritish.templates
wget.conffiles
wget.list
wget.md5sums
whiptail.list
whiptail.md5sums
whiptail.preinst
whoopsie.conffiles
whoopsie.list
whoopsie.md5sums
whoopsie.postinst
whoopsie.postrm
whoopsie-preferences.conffiles
whoopsie-preferences.list
whoopsie-preferences.md5sums
whoopsie.preinst
whoopsie.prerm
wireless-regdb.list
wireless-regdb.md5sums
wireless-regdb.postinst
wireless-tools.conffiles
wireless-tools.list
wireless-tools.md5sums
wireless-tools.postinst
wireless-tools.preinst
wireshark-common.config
wireshark-common.list
wireshark-common.md5sums
wireshark-common.postinst
wireshark-common.postrm
wireshark-common.templates
wireshark.list
wireshark.md5sums
wireshark-qt.list
wireshark-qt.md5sums
wpasupplicant.conffiles
wpasupplicant.list
wpasupplicant.md5sums
wpasupplicant.postinst
wpasupplicant.postrm
wpasupplicant.preinst
wpasupplicant.prerm
wportuguese.config
wportuguese.list
wportuguese.md5sums
wportuguese.postinst
wportuguese.postrm
wportuguese.templates
x11-apps.conffiles
x11-apps.list
x11-apps.md5sums
x11-apps.postinst
x11-apps.postrm
x11-common.conffiles
x11-common.list
x11-common.md5sums
x11-common.postinst
x11-common.postrm
x11-common.preinst
x11-common.prerm
x11proto-core-dev.list
x11proto-core-dev.md5sums
x11proto-damage-dev.list
x11proto-damage-dev.md5sums
x11proto-dev.list
x11proto-dev.md5sums
x11proto-fixes-dev.list
x11proto-fixes-dev.md5sums
x11proto-xext-dev.list
x11proto-xext-dev.md5sums
x11proto-xf86vidmode-dev.list
x11proto-xf86vidmode-dev.md5sums
x11-session-utils.conffiles
x11-session-utils.list
x11-session-utils.md5sums
x11-utils.conffiles
x11-utils.list
x11-utils.md5sums
x11-utils.postinst
x11-utils.postrm
x11-xkb-utils.list
x11-xkb-utils.md5sums
x11-xserver-utils.conffiles
x11-xserver-utils.list
x11-xserver-utils.md5sums
x11-xserver-utils.postinst
x11-xserver-utils.postrm
xauth.list
xauth.md5sums
xbitmaps.list
xbitmaps.md5sums
xbrlapi.conffiles
xbrlapi.list
xbrlapi.md5sums
xcursor-themes.conffiles
xcursor-themes.list
xcursor-themes.md5sums
xcursor-themes.postinst
xcursor-themes.prerm
xdg-user-dirs.conffiles
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.conffiles
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.list
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.md5sums
xdg-user-dirs.list
xdg-user-dirs.md5sums
xdg-user-dirs.postinst
xdg-user-dirs.postrm
xdg-user-dirs.preinst
xdg-user-dirs.prerm
xdg-utils.list
xdg-utils.md5sums
xfonts-base.conffiles
xfonts-base.list
xfonts-base.md5sums
xfonts-base.postinst
xfonts-base.postrm
xfonts-encodings.list
xfonts-encodings.md5sums
xfonts-scalable.conffiles
xfonts-scalable.list
xfonts-scalable.md5sums
xfonts-scalable.postinst
xfonts-scalable.postrm
xfonts-utils.list
xfonts-utils.md5sums
xfonts-utils.postinst
xfonts-utils.postrm
xinit.conffiles
xinit.list
xinit.md5sums
xinit.postinst
xinput.list
xinput.md5sums
xkb-data.list
xkb-data.md5sums
xkb-data.postinst
xml-core.conffiles
xml-core.list
xml-core.md5sums
xml-core.postinst
xml-core.postrm
xml-core.preinst
xml-core.prerm
xml-core.triggers
xorg-docs-core.list
xorg-docs-core.md5sums
xorg.list
xorg.md5sums
xorg-sgml-doctools.list
xorg-sgml-doctools.md5sums
xserver-common.list
xserver-common.md5sums
xserver-xephyr.list
xserver-xephyr.md5sums
xserver-xorg-core-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-core-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-core-hwe-18.04.postrm
xserver-xorg-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-hwe-18.04.postrm
xserver-xorg-input-all-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-input-all-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-input-libinput-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-input-libinput-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-input-wacom-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-input-wacom-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-legacy-hwe-18.04.config
xserver-xorg-legacy-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-legacy-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-legacy-hwe-18.04.postinst
xserver-xorg-legacy-hwe-18.04.postrm
xserver-xorg-legacy-hwe-18.04.templates
xserver-xorg-video-all-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-all-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-amdgpu-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-amdgpu-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-ati-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-ati-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-fbdev-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-fbdev-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-intel-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-intel-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-intel-hwe-18.04.postinst
xserver-xorg-video-intel-hwe-18.04.postrm
xserver-xorg-video-intel-hwe-18.04.preinst
xserver-xorg-video-intel-hwe-18.04.prerm
xserver-xorg-video-intel-hwe-18.04.shlibs
xserver-xorg-video-intel-hwe-18.04.triggers
xserver-xorg-video-nouveau-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-nouveau-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-qxl-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-qxl-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-radeon-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-radeon-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-vesa-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-vesa-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xserver-xorg-video-vmware-hwe-18.04.list
xserver-xorg-video-vmware-hwe-18.04.md5sums
xterm.conffiles
xterm.list
xterm.md5sums
xterm.postinst
xterm.prerm
xtrans-dev.list
xtrans-dev.md5sums
xul-ext-ubufox.list
xul-ext-ubufox.md5sums
xul-ext-ubufox.postinst
xul-ext-ubufox.postrm
xul-ext-ubufox.preinst
xul-ext-ubufox.prerm
xwayland.list
xwayland.md5sums
xxd.list
xxd.md5sums
xz-utils.list
xz-utils.md5sums
xz-utils.postinst
xz-utils.prerm
yad.list
yad.md5sums
yelp.list
yelp.md5sums
yelp-xsl.list
yelp-xsl.md5sums
zenity-common.list
zenity-common.md5sums
zenity.list
zenity.md5sums
zip.list
zip.md5sums
zlib1g:amd64.list
zlib1g:amd64.md5sums
zlib1g:amd64.shlibs
zlib1g:amd64.symbols
zlib1g:amd64.triggers
zlib1g-dev:amd64.list
zlib1g-dev:amd64.md5sums

/var/lib/dpkg/parts:

/var/lib/dpkg/triggers:
aspell-autobuildhash
File
ispell-autobuildhash
ldconfig
linux-update-4.18.0-25-generic
linux-update-5.0.0-23-generic
Lock
Unincorp
update-ca-certificates
update-ca-certificates-fresh
update-default-ispell
update-default-wordlist
update-initramfs
update-sgmlcatalog

/var/lib/dpkg/updates:

/var/lib/emacsen-common:
state

/var/lib/emacsen-common/state:
flavor
package

/var/lib/emacsen-common/state/flavor:
installed

/var/lib/emacsen-common/state/flavor/installed:

/var/lib/emacsen-common/state/package:
installed

/var/lib/emacsen-common/state/package/installed:
dictionaries-common
emacsen-common

/var/lib/fwupd:
builder
gnupg
pending.db
remotes.d

/var/lib/fwupd/builder:
README.md

/var/lib/fwupd/remotes.d:
lvfs

/var/lib/fwupd/remotes.d/lvfs:
metadata.xml.gz
metadata.xml.gz.asc

/var/lib/fwupdate:

/var/lib/gconf:
debian.defaults
debian.mandatory
defaults

/var/lib/gconf/debian.defaults:

/var/lib/gconf/debian.mandatory:

/var/lib/gconf/defaults:

/var/lib/gdm3:
greeter-dconf-defaults

/var/lib/geoclue:

/var/lib/ghostscript:
CMap
fonts

/var/lib/ghostscript/CMap:
78-EUC-H
78-EUC-V
78-H
78ms-RKSJ-H
78ms-RKSJ-V
78-RKSJ-H
78-RKSJ-V
78-V
83pv-RKSJ-H
90msp-RKSJ-H
90msp-RKSJ-V
90ms-RKSJ-H
90ms-RKSJ-UCS2
90ms-RKSJ-V
90pv-RKSJ-H
90pv-RKSJ-UCS2
90pv-RKSJ-UCS2C
90pv-RKSJ-V
Add-H
Add-RKSJ-H
Add-RKSJ-V
Add-V
Adobe-CNS1-0
Adobe-CNS1-1
Adobe-CNS1-2
Adobe-CNS1-3
Adobe-CNS1-4
Adobe-CNS1-5
Adobe-CNS1-6
Adobe-CNS1-B5pc
Adobe-CNS1-ETen-B5
Adobe-CNS1-H-CID
Adobe-CNS1-H-Host
Adobe-CNS1-H-Mac
Adobe-CNS1-UCS2
Adobe-GB1-0
Adobe-GB1-1
Adobe-GB1-2
Adobe-GB1-3
Adobe-GB1-4
Adobe-GB1-5
Adobe-GB1-GBK-EUC
Adobe-GB1-GBpc-EUC
Adobe-GB1-H-CID
Adobe-GB1-H-Host
Adobe-GB1-H-Mac
Adobe-GB1-UCS2
Adobe-Japan1-0
Adobe-Japan1-1
Adobe-Japan1-2
Adobe-Japan1-3
Adobe-Japan1-4
Adobe-Japan1-5
Adobe-Japan1-6
Adobe-Japan1-90ms-RKSJ
Adobe-Japan1-90pv-RKSJ
Adobe-Japan1-H-CID
Adobe-Japan1-H-Host
Adobe-Japan1-H-Mac
Adobe-Japan1-PS-H
Adobe-Japan1-PS-V
Adobe-Japan1-UCS2
Adobe-Japan2-0
Adobe-Korea1-0
Adobe-Korea1-1
Adobe-Korea1-2
Adobe-Korea1-H-CID
Adobe-Korea1-H-Host
Adobe-Korea1-H-Mac
Adobe-Korea1-KSCms-UHC
Adobe-Korea1-KSCpc-EUC
Adobe-Korea1-UCS2
B5-H
B5pc-H
B5pc-UCS2
B5pc-UCS2C
B5pc-V
B5-V
CNS1-H
CNS1-V
CNS2-H
CNS2-V
CNS-EUC-H
CNS-EUC-V
ETen-B5-H
ETen-B5-UCS2
ETen-B5-V
ETenms-B5-H
ETenms-B5-V
ETHK-B5-H
ETHK-B5-V
EUC-H
EUC-V
Ext-H
Ext-RKSJ-H
Ext-RKSJ-V
Ext-V
GB-EUC-H
GB-EUC-V
GB-H
GBK2K-H
GBK2K-V
GBK-EUC-H
GBK-EUC-UCS2
GBK-EUC-V
GBKp-EUC-H
GBKp-EUC-V
GBpc-EUC-H
GBpc-EUC-UCS2
GBpc-EUC-UCS2C
GBpc-EUC-V
GBT-EUC-H
GBT-EUC-V
GBT-H
GBTpc-EUC-H
GBTpc-EUC-V
GBT-V
GB-V
H
Hankaku
Hiragana
HKdla-B5-H
HKdla-B5-V
HKdlb-B5-H
HKdlb-B5-V
HKgccs-B5-H
HKgccs-B5-V
HKm314-B5-H
HKm314-B5-V
HKm471-B5-H
HKm471-B5-V
HKscs-B5-H
HKscs-B5-V
Hojo-EUC-H
Hojo-EUC-V
Hojo-H
Hojo-V
Identity-H
Identity-UTF16-H
Identity-V
Katakana
KSC-EUC-H
KSC-EUC-V
KSC-H
KSC-Johab-H
KSC-Johab-V
KSCms-UHC-H
KSCms-UHC-HW-H
KSCms-UHC-HW-V
KSCms-UHC-UCS2
KSCms-UHC-V
KSCpc-EUC-H
KSCpc-EUC-UCS2
KSCpc-EUC-UCS2C
KSCpc-EUC-V
KSC-V
NWP-H
NWP-V
RKSJ-H
RKSJ-V
Roman
UCS2-90ms-RKSJ
UCS2-90pv-RKSJ
UCS2-B5pc
UCS2-ETen-B5
UCS2-GBK-EUC
UCS2-GBpc-EUC
UCS2-KSCms-UHC
UCS2-KSCpc-EUC
UniCNS-UCS2-H
UniCNS-UCS2-V
UniCNS-UTF16-H
UniCNS-UTF16-V
UniCNS-UTF32-H
UniCNS-UTF32-V
UniCNS-UTF8-H
UniCNS-UTF8-V
UniGB-UCS2-H
UniGB-UCS2-V
UniGB-UTF16-H
UniGB-UTF16-V
UniGB-UTF32-H
UniGB-UTF32-V
UniGB-UTF8-H
UniGB-UTF8-V
UniHojo-UCS2-H
UniHojo-UCS2-V
UniHojo-UTF16-H
UniHojo-UTF16-V
UniHojo-UTF32-H
UniHojo-UTF32-V
UniHojo-UTF8-H
UniHojo-UTF8-V
UniJIS2004-UTF16-H
UniJIS2004-UTF16-V
UniJIS2004-UTF32-H
UniJIS2004-UTF32-V
UniJIS2004-UTF8-H
UniJIS2004-UTF8-V
UniJISPro-UCS2-HW-V
UniJISPro-UCS2-V
UniJISPro-UTF8-V
UniJIS-UCS2-H
UniJIS-UCS2-HW-H
UniJIS-UCS2-HW-V
UniJIS-UCS2-V
UniJIS-UTF16-H
UniJIS-UTF16-V
UniJIS-UTF32-H
UniJIS-UTF32-V
UniJIS-UTF8-H
UniJIS-UTF8-V
UniJISX02132004-UTF32-H
UniJISX02132004-UTF32-V
UniJISX0213-UTF32-H
UniJISX0213-UTF32-V
UniKS-UCS2-H
UniKS-UCS2-V
UniKS-UTF16-H
UniKS-UTF16-V
UniKS-UTF32-H
UniKS-UTF32-V
UniKS-UTF8-H
UniKS-UTF8-V
V
WP-Symbol

/var/lib/ghostscript/fonts:
cidfmap
Fontmap

/var/lib/git:

/var/lib/grub:
ucf

/var/lib/grub/ucf:
grub.previous

/var/lib/hp:

/var/lib/initramfs-tools:
4.18.0-25-generic
5.0.0-23-generic

/var/lib/ispell:
README

/var/lib/libnss-ldap:

/var/lib/libreoffice:
share

/var/lib/libreoffice/share:
prereg

/var/lib/libreoffice/share/prereg:
bundled

/var/lib/libreoffice/share/prereg/bundled:

/var/lib/libxml-sax-perl:
ParserDetails.d

/var/lib/libxml-sax-perl/ParserDetails.d:
10-XML::SAX::PurePerl
50-XML::LibXML::SAX
50-XML::LibXML::SAX::Parser
50-XML::SAX::Expat

/var/lib/locales:
supported.d

/var/lib/locales/supported.d:
en
pt

/var/lib/logrotate:
status

/var/lib/man-db:
auto-update

/var/lib/misc:

/var/lib/mlocate:
mlocate.db

/var/lib/mysql-upgrade:

/var/lib/nfs:
sm
sm.bak
state

/var/lib/nfs/sm:

/var/lib/nfs/sm.bak:

/var/lib/os-prober:

/var/lib/PackageKit:
transactions.db

/var/lib/pam:
account
auth
password
seen
session
session-noninteractive

/var/lib/plymouth:
boot-duration

/var/lib/postgresql:
10

/var/lib/postgresql/10:
main

/var/lib/python:
python3.6_installed
python3.7_installed

/var/lib/sgml-base:
supercatalog
supercatalog.old

/var/lib/snapd:
apparmor
assertions
auto-import
cache
cookie
desktop
device
environment
errtracker.db
features
firstboot
lib
mount
seccomp
seed
sequence
snaps
state.json
system-key
void

/var/lib/snapd/apparmor:
profiles
snap-confine

/var/lib/snapd/apparmor/profiles:
snap.code.code
snap.code.url-handler
snap-confine.core.7396
snap.core.hook.configure
snap.eclipse.eclipse
snap.gnome-calculator.gnome-calculator
snap.gnome-characters.gnome-characters
snap.gnome-logs.gnome-logs
snap.gnome-system-monitor.gnome-system-monitor
snap-update-ns.code
snap-update-ns.core
snap-update-ns.eclipse
snap-update-ns.gnome-calculator
snap-update-ns.gnome-characters
snap-update-ns.gnome-logs
snap-update-ns.gnome-system-monitor

/var/lib/snapd/apparmor/snap-confine:
nfs-support

/var/lib/snapd/assertions:
asserts-v0
private-keys-v1

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0:
account
account-key
model
serial
snap-declaration
snap-revision

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/account:
eEoV9TnaNkCzfJBu9SRhr2678vzyYV43
qXCsqdX95tRyVlJUKTKESXEAuNRPfJob

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/account/eEoV9TnaNkCzfJBu9SRhr2678vzyYV43:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/account/qXCsqdX95tRyVlJUKTKESXEAuNRPfJob:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/account-key:
BWDEoaqyr25nF5SNCvEv2v7QnM9QsfCc0PBMYD_i2NGSQ32EF2d4D0hqUel3m8ul
wrfougkz3Huq2T_KklfnufCC0HzG7bJ9wP99GV0FF-D3QH3eJtuSRlQc2JhrAoh1

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/account-key/BWDEoaqyr25nF5SNCvEv2v7QnM9QsfCc0PBMYD_i2NGSQ32EF2d4D0hqUel3m8ul:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/account-key/wrfougkz3Huq2T_KklfnufCC0HzG7bJ9wP99GV0FF-D3QH3eJtuSRlQc2JhrAoh1:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/model:
16

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/model/16:
generic

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/model/16/generic:
generic-classic

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/model/16/generic/generic-classic:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/serial:
generic

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/serial/generic:
generic-classic

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/serial/generic/generic-classic:
eee7c8e2-75a0-46aa-9b89-15e8b2e0e402

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/serial/generic/generic-classic/eee7c8e2-75a0-46aa-9b89-15e8b2e0e402:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration:
16

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16:
99T7MUlRhtI3U0QFgl5mXXESAiSwt776
9BTClmjz31r0UltmbJ5nnGe0Xm1AzfMp
CSO04Jhav2yK0uz97cr0ipQRyqg0qQL6
Ht0aUHi7ofh9Fbwh6m7jUN2pAy6kzBiu
J8OcDPQ0JM8dbvk29HRqpWVI9kBw0atG
jZLfBRzf1cYlYysIjD2bwSzNtngY0qit
kIMfmZTJspWa8vtfbgU3W9Nbv4V5Qgmh
NmbO4ZEgTCbugdJuIMrIio0LXczdU5WN
qJcS3UjpF9AMJKWAiKwA5EWbm0y6Uduw
QzFGHW76hR3cZjpcuHt4sAjj5KZbd05T
TKv5Fm000l4XiUYJW9pjWHLkCPlDbIg1

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/99T7MUlRhtI3U0QFgl5mXXESAiSwt776:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/9BTClmjz31r0UltmbJ5nnGe0Xm1AzfMp:
active.1

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/CSO04Jhav2yK0uz97cr0ipQRyqg0qQL6:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/Ht0aUHi7ofh9Fbwh6m7jUN2pAy6kzBiu:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/J8OcDPQ0JM8dbvk29HRqpWVI9kBw0atG:
active.1

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/jZLfBRzf1cYlYysIjD2bwSzNtngY0qit:
active.2

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/kIMfmZTJspWa8vtfbgU3W9Nbv4V5Qgmh:
active.1

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/NmbO4ZEgTCbugdJuIMrIio0LXczdU5WN:
active.2

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/qJcS3UjpF9AMJKWAiKwA5EWbm0y6Uduw:
active.1

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/QzFGHW76hR3cZjpcuHt4sAjj5KZbd05T:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-declaration/16/TKv5Fm000l4XiUYJW9pjWHLkCPlDbIg1:
active.2

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision:
2lDrIq-PVwTpNzeD6mEUAkThAMNhMvqya7DUsNyLECH1gfK_X0SSAI949an9Mrsd
8QJVlWJyyIR1nlzzkDoNylvCe7BOPLXVi4tSbAURCRU2o5aaLhWRmFVPh3KwdagV
bgqsVLmWpSwqnhtUpw15c5Kv-KxTuGZv7a2kpB2n6OgReyKBbqMPrLYE-9n_ctuX
cqx8yoYhceTZvxmoygyJbd_UFw217Sdvm5JBFedv182aBryN212DZFAdFoc4RZXm
do03LkvYtz4OkVs92DnWQUDnhk3-P3INEcmk_5yE5jQXX_vHp5WauAQZuoeD6_bM
Ejj9XVc6BsS-EnPdJ0vLFYQiAfafGb2hN6cE1clvIka_-9M-bSCNUTXBYc79b2B9
E_W07i2-tURFOr2GSHaVxRteFYb9HIl4U-8o7TRv4PewD8WEbyRtRrvT72eu0V56
F1fIz_1fNeqzOUp-3rwkxBav5AnX04Y6XCNzKlL4vXBoWgzILZd6ofVgLVrXB0Ns
fCfBtREy8FmT1tNEYKKFDZdX7MFtBhiqQ6Y79TOfI1rxBZ8MI72oSS5Ld6olWOeY
FjJcWau2a3Mp7zdycWPoC_YtlmW7cDI6TZC3H0E_NBAqnM0sPlwOSUJ2RwXPGPl-
IBuIs7D9CJ_X42sQvqEMW7_B73iUHfN7AYFxA1OzjwIRIQxnsWE63KPvyv9ouiGW
Ii8deXYpPB6_PhhmCcwjd3Gq4AsHC1AhLJ8rakE_5dzBbTYYFxQBotaKQCSJODpy
jTAn588ae9fE07CKeTMPORsMRgDG2dFiWHHAZH8G-ugYCZvCiGJErYhp3dH5qrvq
k4frMtflJ_jqjUxBYK_9F7yTjgedlY-L9bNKdXxl_aPYAEM9ZOeCR2pThwNGv6h1
KRdWLq1tisGg6ZsaSNVJ_nna1ia0-cIVoBGKolc-VFfqyomQ39ajx30g2ahUNORt
NM7I7xNwFQcKB-HwbqIXL7v1Hynt3pbj2GjL0LCJuZg5i2F9E-cQbON6FgmTM2_G
_NqAq4oGaG_oMkgvllxH0iXmJ9x2dqQ6gDPIsVL_XFMjPl4rCxzTc6wMys-87C21
o04cvDTIT4VaQLlSlQLH2HCulHQDA2Zn3FX-PywiCmKglVdrMYRJRrYem6wYAhgF
OyrAVcoiSvfBQcOnf0vWBtPfYNyZ-JQMnl-Kz0Ni1EIqadrzHafJR09wQxHOEfVQ
P2wLBSk1bf4WRTSCR0-5TmWtCs2iFA3VG7Ri6Ac1NSrzzjRt5KpCFKw7tHDNyPtY
qD4oPauJOBIJrzQOuchKykcke9sWp56ZIpU4NX3W-SzbeLB72_txWeE5dt160Utr
rAgSFzsPReqbuZUU_UK4OEa_oKkQuBnwJYZ1HLV3u6P3JGzsVevFVjTJEI6wNGB4

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/2lDrIq-PVwTpNzeD6mEUAkThAMNhMvqya7DUsNyLECH1gfK_X0SSAI949an9Mrsd:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/8QJVlWJyyIR1nlzzkDoNylvCe7BOPLXVi4tSbAURCRU2o5aaLhWRmFVPh3KwdagV:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/bgqsVLmWpSwqnhtUpw15c5Kv-KxTuGZv7a2kpB2n6OgReyKBbqMPrLYE-9n_ctuX:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/cqx8yoYhceTZvxmoygyJbd_UFw217Sdvm5JBFedv182aBryN212DZFAdFoc4RZXm:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/do03LkvYtz4OkVs92DnWQUDnhk3-P3INEcmk_5yE5jQXX_vHp5WauAQZuoeD6_bM:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/Ejj9XVc6BsS-EnPdJ0vLFYQiAfafGb2hN6cE1clvIka_-9M-bSCNUTXBYc79b2B9:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/E_W07i2-tURFOr2GSHaVxRteFYb9HIl4U-8o7TRv4PewD8WEbyRtRrvT72eu0V56:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/F1fIz_1fNeqzOUp-3rwkxBav5AnX04Y6XCNzKlL4vXBoWgzILZd6ofVgLVrXB0Ns:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/fCfBtREy8FmT1tNEYKKFDZdX7MFtBhiqQ6Y79TOfI1rxBZ8MI72oSS5Ld6olWOeY:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/FjJcWau2a3Mp7zdycWPoC_YtlmW7cDI6TZC3H0E_NBAqnM0sPlwOSUJ2RwXPGPl-:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/IBuIs7D9CJ_X42sQvqEMW7_B73iUHfN7AYFxA1OzjwIRIQxnsWE63KPvyv9ouiGW:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/Ii8deXYpPB6_PhhmCcwjd3Gq4AsHC1AhLJ8rakE_5dzBbTYYFxQBotaKQCSJODpy:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/jTAn588ae9fE07CKeTMPORsMRgDG2dFiWHHAZH8G-ugYCZvCiGJErYhp3dH5qrvq:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/k4frMtflJ_jqjUxBYK_9F7yTjgedlY-L9bNKdXxl_aPYAEM9ZOeCR2pThwNGv6h1:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/KRdWLq1tisGg6ZsaSNVJ_nna1ia0-cIVoBGKolc-VFfqyomQ39ajx30g2ahUNORt:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/NM7I7xNwFQcKB-HwbqIXL7v1Hynt3pbj2GjL0LCJuZg5i2F9E-cQbON6FgmTM2_G:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/_NqAq4oGaG_oMkgvllxH0iXmJ9x2dqQ6gDPIsVL_XFMjPl4rCxzTc6wMys-87C21:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/o04cvDTIT4VaQLlSlQLH2HCulHQDA2Zn3FX-PywiCmKglVdrMYRJRrYem6wYAhgF:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/OyrAVcoiSvfBQcOnf0vWBtPfYNyZ-JQMnl-Kz0Ni1EIqadrzHafJR09wQxHOEfVQ:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/P2wLBSk1bf4WRTSCR0-5TmWtCs2iFA3VG7Ri6Ac1NSrzzjRt5KpCFKw7tHDNyPtY:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/qD4oPauJOBIJrzQOuchKykcke9sWp56ZIpU4NX3W-SzbeLB72_txWeE5dt160Utr:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/asserts-v0/snap-revision/rAgSFzsPReqbuZUU_UK4OEa_oKkQuBnwJYZ1HLV3u6P3JGzsVevFVjTJEI6wNGB4:
active

/var/lib/snapd/assertions/private-keys-v1:

/var/lib/snapd/auto-import:

/var/lib/snapd/desktop:
applications

/var/lib/snapd/desktop/applications:
code_code.desktop
code_url-handler.desktop
eclipse_eclipse.desktop
gnome-calculator_gnome-calculator.desktop
gnome-characters_gnome-characters.desktop
gnome-logs_gnome-logs.desktop
gnome-system-monitor_gnome-system-monitor.desktop
mimeinfo.cache

/var/lib/snapd/device:
private-keys-v1

/var/lib/snapd/device/private-keys-v1:
RtEBXoPXFLXT1c658VAc4Cagvp_mXVZKFkIuO3BmMB94fvMI8SNCvTP6BbRnccpV

/var/lib/snapd/environment:

/var/lib/snapd/features:

/var/lib/snapd/firstboot:

/var/lib/snapd/lib:
gl
gl32
glvnd
vulkan

/var/lib/snapd/lib/gl:

/var/lib/snapd/lib/gl32:

/var/lib/snapd/lib/glvnd:

/var/lib/snapd/lib/vulkan:

/var/lib/snapd/mount:
snap.gnome-calculator.fstab
snap.gnome-calculator.user-fstab
snap.gnome-characters.fstab
snap.gnome-characters.user-fstab
snap.gnome-logs.fstab
snap.gnome-logs.user-fstab
snap.gnome-system-monitor.fstab
snap.gnome-system-monitor.user-fstab

/var/lib/snapd/seccomp:
bpf

/var/lib/snapd/seccomp/bpf:
global.bin
snap.code.code.bin
snap.code.code.src
snap.code.url-handler.bin
snap.code.url-handler.src
snap.core.hook.configure.bin
snap.core.hook.configure.src
snap.eclipse.eclipse.bin
snap.eclipse.eclipse.src
snap.gnome-calculator.gnome-calculator.bin
snap.gnome-calculator.gnome-calculator.src
snap.gnome-characters.gnome-characters.bin
snap.gnome-characters.gnome-characters.src
snap.gnome-logs.gnome-logs.bin
snap.gnome-logs.gnome-logs.src
snap.gnome-system-monitor.gnome-system-monitor.bin
snap.gnome-system-monitor.gnome-system-monitor.src

/var/lib/snapd/seed:
assertions
seed.yaml
snaps

/var/lib/snapd/seed/assertions:
account
account-key
core_6350.assert
gnome-3-26-1604_74.assert
gnome-calculator_260.assert
gnome-characters_139.assert
gnome-logs_45.assert
gnome-system-monitor_57.assert
gtk-common-themes_818.assert
model

/var/lib/snapd/seed/snaps:
core_6350.snap
gnome-3-26-1604_74.snap
gnome-calculator_260.snap
gnome-characters_139.snap
gnome-logs_45.snap
gnome-system-monitor_57.snap
gtk-common-themes_818.snap

/var/lib/snapd/sequence:
code.json
core18.json
core.json
eclipse.json
gnome-3-26-1604.json
gnome-3-28-1804.json
gnome-calculator.json
gnome-characters.json
gnome-logs.json
gnome-system-monitor.json
gtk-common-themes.json

/var/lib/snapd/snaps:
code_11.snap
code_12.snap
core18_1066.snap
core18_1074.snap
core_7270.snap
core_7396.snap
eclipse_40.snap
gnome-3-26-1604_74.snap
gnome-3-26-1604_90.snap
gnome-3-28-1804_67.snap
gnome-calculator_260.snap
gnome-calculator_406.snap
gnome-characters_139.snap
gnome-characters_296.snap
gnome-logs_45.snap
gnome-logs_61.snap
gnome-system-monitor_100.snap
gnome-system-monitor_57.snap
gtk-common-themes_1313.snap
gtk-common-themes_818.snap
partial

/var/lib/snapd/snaps/partial:

/var/lib/snmp:

/var/lib/sudo:
lectured

/var/lib/sudo/lectured:

/var/lib/systemd:
catalog
coredump
deb-systemd-helper-enabled
random-seed
rfkill
timers
timesync

/var/lib/systemd/catalog:
database

/var/lib/systemd/coredump:

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled:
accounts-daemon.service.dsh-also
acpid.path.dsh-also
acpid.service.dsh-also
acpid.socket.dsh-also
anacron.service.dsh-also
anacron.timer.dsh-also
apparmor.service.dsh-also
apport-autoreport.path.dsh-also
apport-forward.socket.dsh-also
apt-daily.timer.dsh-also
apt-daily-upgrade.timer.dsh-also
autofs.service.dsh-also
avahi-daemon.service.dsh-also
avahi-daemon.socket.dsh-also
binfmt-support.service.dsh-also
bluetooth.service.dsh-also
bluetooth.target.wants
brltty.service.dsh-also
cloud-final.service.wants
console-setup.service.dsh-also
cron.service.dsh-also
cups-browsed.service.dsh-also
cups.path.dsh-also
cups.service.dsh-also
cups.socket.dsh-also
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service
dbus-org.bluez.service
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service
default.target.wants
display-manager.service.wants
dns-clean.service.dsh-also
final.target.wants
fstrim.timer.dsh-also
gpu-manager.service.dsh-also
graphical.target.wants
irqbalance.service.dsh-also
kerneloops.service.dsh-also
keyboard-setup.service.dsh-also
ModemManager.service.dsh-also
motd-news.timer.dsh-also
multi-user.target.wants
mysql.service.dsh-also
networkd-dispatcher.service.dsh-also
networking.service.dsh-also
network-online.target.wants
nfs-client.target.dsh-also
nscd.service.dsh-also
oem-config.service.wants
paths.target.wants
postgresql.service.dsh-also
pppd-dns.service.dsh-also
printer.target.wants
qemu-kvm.service.dsh-also
remote-fs.target.wants
rpcbind.service.dsh-also
rpcbind.socket.dsh-also
rsync.service.dsh-also
rsyslog.service.dsh-also
rtkit-daemon.service.dsh-also
saned.socket.dsh-also
setvtrgb.service.dsh-also
snapd.autoimport.service.dsh-also
snapd.core-fixup.service.dsh-also
snapd.seeded.service.dsh-also
snapd.service.dsh-also
snapd.snap-repair.timer.dsh-also
snapd.socket.dsh-also
snapd.system-shutdown.service.dsh-also
sockets.target.wants
spice-vdagentd.service.dsh-also
spice-vdagentd.target.wants
sshd.service
ssh.service.dsh-also
ssh.socket.dsh-also
sysinit.target.wants
syslog.service
sysstat.service.dsh-also
thermald.service.dsh-also
timers.target.wants
udisks2.service.dsh-also
ufw.service.dsh-also
unattended-upgrades.service.dsh-also
upower.service.dsh-also
ureadahead.service.dsh-also
uuidd.service.dsh-also
uuidd.socket.dsh-also
whoopsie.service.dsh-also
wpa_supplicant.service.dsh-also

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/bluetooth.target.wants:
bluetooth.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/cloud-final.service.wants:
snapd.seeded.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/default.target.wants:
ureadahead.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/display-manager.service.wants:
gpu-manager.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/final.target.wants:
snapd.system-shutdown.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/graphical.target.wants:
accounts-daemon.service
udisks2.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/multi-user.target.wants:
anacron.service
autofs.service
avahi-daemon.service
binfmt-support.service
console-setup.service
cron.service
cups-browsed.service
cups.path
dns-clean.service
kerneloops.service
ModemManager.service
mysql.service
networkd-dispatcher.service
networking.service
nfs-client.target
nscd.service
postgresql.service
pppd-dns.service
qemu-kvm.service
rpcbind.service
rsync.service
rsyslog.service
snapd.autoimport.service
snapd.core-fixup.service
snapd.seeded.service
snapd.service
ssh.service
sysstat.service
thermald.service
ufw.service
unattended-upgrades.service
whoopsie.service
wpa_supplicant.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/network-online.target.wants:
networking.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/oem-config.service.wants:
gpu-manager.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/paths.target.wants:
acpid.path
apport-autoreport.path

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/printer.target.wants:
cups.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/remote-fs.target.wants:
nfs-client.target

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/sockets.target.wants:
acpid.socket
apport-forward.socket
avahi-daemon.socket
cups.socket
rpcbind.socket
snapd.socket
uuidd.socket

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/spice-vdagentd.target.wants:
spice-vdagentd.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/sysinit.target.wants:
apparmor.service
keyboard-setup.service
setvtrgb.service

/var/lib/systemd/deb-systemd-helper-enabled/timers.target.wants:
anacron.timer
apt-daily.timer
apt-daily-upgrade.timer
fstrim.timer
motd-news.timer
snapd.snap-repair.timer

/var/lib/systemd/rfkill:
pci-0000:00:14.0-usb-0:12:1.0:bluetooth
pci-0000:02:00.0:wlan

/var/lib/systemd/timers:
stamp-anacron.timer
stamp-apt-daily.timer
stamp-apt-daily-upgrade.timer
stamp-fstrim.timer
stamp-motd-news.timer

/var/lib/ubiquity:
os-prober-cache

/var/lib/ubuntu-drivers-common:
last_gfx_boot

/var/lib/ubuntu-release-upgrader:
release-upgrade-available

/var/lib/ucf:
cache
hashfile
hashfile.0
hashfile.1
hashfile.2
hashfile.3
hashfile.4
hashfile.5
hashfile.6
hashfile.7
registry
registry.0
registry.1
registry.2
registry.3
registry.4
registry.5
registry.6
registry.7

/var/lib/ucf/cache:
:etc:apt:apt.conf.d:20auto-upgrades
:etc:apt:apt.conf.d:50unattended-upgrades
:etc:autofs.conf
:etc:auto.master
:etc:auto.misc
:etc:auto.net
:etc:auto.smb
:etc:default:autofs
:etc:default:grub
:etc:default:nfs-common
:etc:default:sysstat
:etc:gconf:2:path
:etc:gdm3:greeter.dconf-defaults
:etc:idmapd.conf
:etc:papersize
:etc:perl:XML:SAX:ParserDetails.ini
:etc:postgresql-common:createcluster.conf
:etc:R:Renviron
:etc:rsyslog.d:50-default.conf
:etc:ssh:sshd_config
:etc:ufw:after6.rules
:etc:ufw:after.rules
:etc:ufw:before6.rules
:etc:ufw:before.rules

/var/lib/update-manager:
meta-release-lts

/var/lib/update-notifier:
dpkg-run-stamp
package-data-downloads
updates-available
user.d

/var/lib/update-notifier/package-data-downloads:
partial

/var/lib/update-notifier/user.d:

/var/lib/upower:

/var/lib/ureadahead:
debugfs
pack
snap.code.11.pack
snap.core18.1066.pack
snap.core.7270.pack
snap.eclipse.40.pack
snap.gnome-3-26-1604.90.pack
snap.gnome-3-28-1804.67.pack
snap.gnome-calculator.406.pack
snap.gnome-characters.296.pack
snap.gnome-logs.61.pack
snap.gnome-system-monitor.100.pack
snap.gtk-common-themes.1313.pack

/var/lib/ureadahead/debugfs:

/var/lib/usb_modeswitch:

/var/lib/usbutils:
usb.ids

/var/lib/vim:
addons

/var/lib/vim/addons:

/var/lib/whoopsie:
whoopsie-id

/var/lib/xfonts:
excluded-aliases

/var/lib/xkb:
README.compiled

/var/lib/xml-core:
catalog
docbook-xml
docbook-xsl
sgml-data
xml-core

/var/local:

/var/log:
alternatives.log
alternatives.log.1
apport.log
apport.log.1
apport.log.2.gz
apport.log.3.gz
apt
auth.log
auth.log.1
auth.log.2.gz
auth.log.3.gz
auth.log.4.gz
boot.log
bootstrap.log
btmp
btmp.1
cups
dist-upgrade
dpkg.log
dpkg.log.1
faillog
firebird
fontconfig.log
gdm3
gpu-manager.log
hp
installer
journal
kern.log
kern.log.1
kern.log.2.gz
kern.log.3.gz
kern.log.4.gz
lastlog
mysql
postgresql
speech-dispatcher
syslog
syslog.1
syslog.2.gz
syslog.3.gz
syslog.4.gz
syslog.5.gz
syslog.6.gz
syslog.7.gz
sysstat
tallylog
unattended-upgrades
vbox-setup.log
vbox-setup.log.1
vbox-setup.log.2
wtmp
wtmp.1

/var/log/apt:
eipp.log.xz
history.log
history.log.1.gz
term.log
term.log.1.gz

/var/log/cups:
access_log
access_log.1
access_log.2.gz
access_log.3.gz
access_log.4.gz
access_log.5.gz
access_log.6.gz
access_log.7.gz
error_log
error_log.1
error_log.2.gz

/var/log/dist-upgrade:

/var/log/firebird:

/var/log/hp:
tmp

/var/log/hp/tmp:

/var/log/installer:
casper.log
debug
initial-status.gz
media-info
partman
syslog
telemetry
version

/var/log/journal:
7033d5f1cd744a58b0dfe11835d4404f

/var/log/journal/7033d5f1cd744a58b0dfe11835d4404f:
system@00058ee54470241a-98ee8471cc94d822.journal~
system@00058f0decd9b03a-05bc8a291dfe368e.journal~
system@66bd4c478faf49f69b5cc5da98509032-0000000000000001-00058f0deca6d0b5.journal
system@66bd4c478faf49f69b5cc5da98509032-0000000000015828-00058f126e8ba295.journal
system@66bd4c478faf49f69b5cc5da98509032-000000000001d891-00058faee038b896.journal
system@ccf9e3712a30413296cda5bfbc0bb337-0000000000000001-00058ee54462e3ab.journal
system@f6c4d59502d64b64972d8e049e04b4ca-0000000000000001-00058df3cfb123ff.journal
system@f6c4d59502d64b64972d8e049e04b4ca-000000000000d1d7-00058e944a15c6d1.journal
system@f6c4d59502d64b64972d8e049e04b4ca-0000000000010423-00058ed052091fd9.journal
system@f6c4d59502d64b64972d8e049e04b4ca-00000000000116ab-00058ed2bd381a9e.journal
system.journal
user-1000@00058ee5531ccc34-087a7781a5c50421.journal~
user-1000.journal
user-60574.journal
user-70293.journal
user-70388.journal
user-9001.journal

/var/log/postgresql:
postgresql-10-main.log
postgresql-10-main.log.1
postgresql-10-main.log.2.gz

/var/log/sysstat:

/var/mail:

/var/metrics:

/var/opt:

/var/snap:
code
core
core18
eclipse
gnome-3-26-1604
gnome-3-28-1804
gnome-calculator
gnome-characters
gnome-logs
gnome-system-monitor
gtk-common-themes

/var/snap/code:
11
12
common
current

/var/snap/code/11:

/var/snap/code/12:

/var/snap/code/common:

/var/snap/core:
7270
7396
common
current

/var/snap/core/7270:

/var/snap/core/7396:

/var/snap/core/common:

/var/snap/core18:
1066
1074
common
current

/var/snap/core18/1066:

/var/snap/core18/1074:

/var/snap/core18/common:

/var/snap/eclipse:
40
common
current

/var/snap/eclipse/40:

/var/snap/eclipse/common:

/var/snap/gnome-3-26-1604:
74
90
common
current

/var/snap/gnome-3-26-1604/74:

/var/snap/gnome-3-26-1604/90:

/var/snap/gnome-3-26-1604/common:

/var/snap/gnome-3-28-1804:
67
common
current

/var/snap/gnome-3-28-1804/67:

/var/snap/gnome-3-28-1804/common:

/var/snap/gnome-calculator:
260
406
common
current

/var/snap/gnome-calculator/260:

/var/snap/gnome-calculator/406:

/var/snap/gnome-calculator/common:

/var/snap/gnome-characters:
139
296
common
current

/var/snap/gnome-characters/139:

/var/snap/gnome-characters/296:

/var/snap/gnome-characters/common:

/var/snap/gnome-logs:
45
61
common
current

/var/snap/gnome-logs/45:

/var/snap/gnome-logs/61:

/var/snap/gnome-logs/common:

/var/snap/gnome-system-monitor:
100
57
common
current

/var/snap/gnome-system-monitor/100:

/var/snap/gnome-system-monitor/57:

/var/snap/gnome-system-monitor/common:

/var/snap/gtk-common-themes:
1313
818
common
current

/var/snap/gtk-common-themes/1313:

/var/snap/gtk-common-themes/818:

/var/snap/gtk-common-themes/common:

/var/spool:
anacron
cron
cups
libreoffice
mail
rsyslog

/var/spool/anacron:
cron.daily
cron.monthly
cron.weekly

/var/spool/cron:
crontabs

/var/spool/libreoffice:
uno_packages

/var/spool/libreoffice/uno_packages:
cache

/var/spool/libreoffice/uno_packages/cache:

/var/tmp:
systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-bolt.service-z9hupB
systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-colord.service-OHoJmB
systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-fwupd.service-jZ3xUM
systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-ModemManager.service-B74ZnA
systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-rtkit-daemon.service-v2lamZ
systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-systemd-resolved.service-qSFBth
systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-systemd-timesyncd.service-HShiuv

11) Crie um link simbólico do diretório /tmp na sua área de usuário. (man ln /-s)
ln /tmp link -s
lrwxrwxrwx 1 740951 bcc      4 ago 13  2019 link -> /tmp

12) Encontre o arquivo lastlog. (man find)
find -O3 / -maxdepth 4 -name "lastlog" -type f |& grep "\lastlog$"
/var/log/lastlog
/usr/bin/lastlog

13) Qual é o tipo do arquvio ls? O que mais se pode saber sobre ele? (man file)
file /bin/ls
/bin/ls: ELF 64-bit LSB shared object, x86-64, version 1 (SYSV), dynamically linked, interpreter /lib64/l, for GNU/Linux 3.2.0, BuildID[sha1]=9567f9a28e66f4d7ec4baf31cfbf68d0410f0ae6, stripped

1) Exiba o conteúdo das mensagens do kernel, uma página de cada vez. (dmesg | less)
dmesg | less
[    0.000000] microcode: microcode updated early to revision 0x7, date = 2018-04-23
[    0.000000] Linux version 5.0.0-23-generic (buildd@lgw01-amd64-030) (gcc version 7.4.0 (Ubuntu 7.4.0-1ubuntu1~18.04.1)) #24~18.04.1-Ubuntu SMP Mon Jul 29 16:12:28 UTC 2019 (Ubuntu 5.0.0-23.24~18.04.1-generic 5.0.15)
[    0.000000] Command line: BOOT_IMAGE=/boot/vmlinuz-5.0.0-23-generic root=UUID=b37fb81a-6955-49d2-b54b-bbf9c04530bb ro quiet splash vt.handoff=1
[    0.000000] KERNEL supported cpus:
[    0.000000]   Intel GenuineIntel
[    0.000000]   AMD AuthenticAMD
[    0.000000]   Hygon HygonGenuine
[    0.000000]   Centaur CentaurHauls
[    0.000000] x86/fpu: x87 FPU will use FXSAVE
[    0.000000] BIOS-provided physical RAM map:
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x0000000000000000-0x0000000000095bff] usable
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000000f0000-0x00000000000fffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x0000000000100000-0x00000000db6cfbff] usable
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000db6cfc00-0x00000000db723bff] ACPI NVS
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000db723c00-0x00000000db725bff] ACPI data
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000db725c00-0x00000000dfffffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000f8000000-0x00000000fbffffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000fec00000-0x00000000fed003ff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000fed20000-0x00000000fed9ffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000fee00000-0x00000000feefffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000ffb00000-0x00000000ffffffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x0000000100000000-0x00000001fbffffff] usable
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000001fc000000-0x00000001ffffffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x0000000200000000-0x000000021bffffff] usable
[    0.000000] NX (Execute Disable) protection: active
[    0.000000] SMBIOS 2.6 present.
[    0.000000] DMI: Dell Inc. OptiPlex 980                 /0D441T, BIOS A05 11/03/2010
[    0.000000] tsc: Fast TSC calibration using PIT
[    0.000000] tsc: Detected 3324.812 MHz processor
[    0.003076] e820: update [mem 0x00000000-0x00000fff] usable ==> reserved
[    0.003077] e820: remove [mem 0x000a0000-0x000fffff] usable
[    0.003083] last_pfn = 0x21c000 max_arch_pfn = 0x400000000
[    0.003086] MTRR default type: write-back
[    0.003087] MTRR fixed ranges enabled:
[    0.003088]   00000-9FFFF write-back
[    0.003088]   A0000-BFFFF uncachable
[    0.003089]   C0000-DBFFF write-protect
[    0.003089]   DC000-EFFFF uncachable
[    0.003090]   F0000-FFFFF write-protect
[    0.003090] MTRR variable ranges enabled:
[    0.003091]   0 base 0DDC00000 mask FFFC00000 uncachable
[    0.003092]   1 base 0DE000000 mask FFE000000 uncachable
[    0.003093]   2 base 0DB800000 mask FFF800000 uncachable
[    0.003094]   3 base 0E0000000 mask FE0000000 uncachable
[    0.003094]   4 disabled
[    0.003095]   5 disabled
[    0.003095]   6 disabled
[    0.003095]   7 disabled
[    0.003618] x86/PAT: Configuration [0-7]: WB  WC  UC- UC  WB  WP  UC- WT  
[    0.003745] last_pfn = 0xdb6cf max_arch_pfn = 0x400000000
[    0.011287] found SMP MP-table at [mem 0x000fe710-0x000fe71f]
[    0.021578] check: Scanning 1 areas for low memory corruption
[    0.021584] BRK [0x22e01000, 0x22e01fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021586] BRK [0x22e02000, 0x22e02fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021587] BRK [0x22e03000, 0x22e03fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021612] BRK [0x22e04000, 0x22e04fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021613] BRK [0x22e05000, 0x22e05fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021660] BRK [0x22e06000, 0x22e06fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021779] BRK [0x22e07000, 0x22e07fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021791] BRK [0x22e08000, 0x22e08fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021803] BRK [0x22e09000, 0x22e09fff] PGTABLE
[    0.021832] RAMDISK: [mem 0x33337000-0x35992fff]
[    0.021842] ACPI: Early table checksum verification disabled
[    0.025981] ACPI: RSDP 0x00000000000FEC00 000024 (v02 DELL  )
[    0.025983] ACPI: XSDT 0x00000000000FC7E7 00007C (v01 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.025988] ACPI: FACP 0x00000000000FC8D7 0000F4 (v03 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.025992] ACPI BIOS Warning (bug): 32/64X length mismatch in FADT/Gpe0Block: 128/64 (20181213/tbfadt-569)
[    0.026061] ACPI: DSDT 0x00000000FFDC86D0 0047BC (v01 DELL   dt_ex    00001000 INTL 20050624)
[    0.026068] ACPI: FACS 0x00000000DB6CFC00 000040
[    0.026070] ACPI: FACS 0x00000000DB6CFC00 000040
[    0.026139] ACPI: SSDT 0x00000000FFDCCFAD 0000AC (v01 DELL   st_ex    00001000 INTL 20050624)
[    0.026141] ACPI: APIC 0x00000000000FC9CB 000092 (v01 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.026143] ACPI: BOOT 0x00000000000FCA5D 000028 (v01 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.026146] ACPI: ASF! 0x00000000000FCA85 000096 (v32 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.026148] ACPI: MCFG 0x00000000000FCB1B 00003E (v01 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.026150] ACPI: HPET 0x00000000000FCB59 000038 (v01 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.026153] ACPI: TCPA 0x00000000000FCDB5 000032 (v01 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.026155] ACPI: DMAR 0x00000000000FCDE7 0000B8 (v01 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.026157] ACPI: SLIC 0x00000000000FCB91 000176 (v01 DELL   B11K     00000015 ASL  00000061)
[    0.026160] ACPI: SSDT 0x00000000DB725C00 00165C (v01 INTEL  PPM RCM  80000001 INTL 20061109)
[    0.026327] ACPI: Local APIC address 0xfee00000
[    0.026417] No NUMA configuration found
[    0.026418] Faking a node at [mem 0x0000000000000000-0x000000021bffffff]
[    0.026427] NODE_DATA(0) allocated [mem 0x21bfd1000-0x21bffbfff]
[    0.026659] Zone ranges:
[    0.026660]   DMA      [mem 0x0000000000001000-0x0000000000ffffff]
[    0.026661]   DMA32    [mem 0x0000000001000000-0x00000000ffffffff]
[    0.026661]   Normal   [mem 0x0000000100000000-0x000000021bffffff]
[    0.026662]   Device   empty
[    0.026663] Movable zone start for each node
[    0.026665] Early memory node ranges
[    0.026666]   node   0: [mem 0x0000000000001000-0x0000000000094fff]
[    0.026667]   node   0: [mem 0x0000000000100000-0x00000000db6cefff]
[    0.026667]   node   0: [mem 0x0000000100000000-0x00000001fbffffff]
[    0.026668]   node   0: [mem 0x0000000200000000-0x000000021bffffff]
[    0.027135] Zeroed struct page in unavailable ranges: 35229 pages
[    0.027136] Initmem setup node 0 [mem 0x0000000000001000-0x000000021bffffff]
[    0.027137] On node 0 totalpages: 2045539
[    0.027138]   DMA zone: 64 pages used for memmap
[    0.027139]   DMA zone: 21 pages reserved
[    0.027140]   DMA zone: 3988 pages, LIFO batch:0
[    0.027230]   DMA32 zone: 13980 pages used for memmap
[    0.027230]   DMA32 zone: 894671 pages, LIFO batch:63
[    0.047371]   Normal zone: 18176 pages used for memmap
[    0.047373]   Normal zone: 1146880 pages, LIFO batch:63
[    0.072210] Reserving Intel graphics memory at [mem 0xde000000-0xdfffffff]
[    0.072320] ACPI: PM-Timer IO Port: 0x808
[    0.072321] ACPI: Local APIC address 0xfee00000
[    0.072329] ACPI: LAPIC_NMI (acpi_id[0xff] high level lint[0x1])
[    0.072339] IOAPIC[0]: apic_id 8, version 32, address 0xfec00000, GSI 0-23
[    0.072341] ACPI: INT_SRC_OVR (bus 0 bus_irq 0 global_irq 2 dfl dfl)
[    0.072342] ACPI: INT_SRC_OVR (bus 0 bus_irq 9 global_irq 9 high level)
[    0.072344] ACPI: IRQ0 used by override.
[    0.072344] ACPI: IRQ9 used by override.
[    0.072346] Using ACPI (MADT) for SMP configuration information
[    0.072348] ACPI: HPET id: 0x8086a701 base: 0xfed00000
[    0.072353] smpboot: Allowing 8 CPUs, 4 hotplug CPUs
[    0.072367] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0x00000000-0x00000fff]
[    0.072368] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0x00095000-0x000effff]
[    0.072368] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0x000f0000-0x000fffff]
[    0.072370] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xdb6cf000-0xdb6cffff]
[    0.072370] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xdb6d0000-0xdb722fff]
[    0.072371] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xdb723000-0xdb723fff]
[    0.072371] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xdb724000-0xdb724fff]
[    0.072371] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xdb725000-0xdb725fff]
[    0.072372] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xdb726000-0xdfffffff]
[    0.072372] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xe0000000-0xf7ffffff]
[    0.072373] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xf8000000-0xfbffffff]
[    0.072373] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xfc000000-0xfebfffff]
[    0.072374] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xfec00000-0xfecfffff]
[    0.072374] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xfed00000-0xfed1ffff]
[    0.072375] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xfed20000-0xfed9ffff]
[    0.072375] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xfeda0000-0xfedfffff]
[    0.072376] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xfee00000-0xfeefffff]
[    0.072376] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xfef00000-0xffafffff]
[    0.072377] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0xffb00000-0xffffffff]
[    0.072378] PM: Registered nosave memory: [mem 0x1fc000000-0x1ffffffff]
[    0.072380] [mem 0xe0000000-0xf7ffffff] available for PCI devices
[    0.072381] Booting paravirtualized kernel on bare hardware
[    0.072384] clocksource: refined-jiffies: mask: 0xffffffff max_cycles: 0xffffffff, max_idle_ns: 7645519600211568 ns
[    0.072394] random: get_random_bytes called from start_kernel+0x97/0x516 with crng_init=0
[    0.072400] setup_percpu: NR_CPUS:8192 nr_cpumask_bits:8 nr_cpu_ids:8 nr_node_ids:1
[    0.072716] percpu: Embedded 46 pages/cpu s151552 r8192 d28672 u262144
[    0.072722] pcpu-alloc: s151552 r8192 d28672 u262144 alloc=1*2097152
[    0.072722] pcpu-alloc: [0] 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 
[    0.072744] Built 1 zonelists, mobility grouping on.  Total pages: 2013298
[    0.072745] Policy zone: Normal
[    0.072746] Kernel command line: BOOT_IMAGE=/boot/vmlinuz-5.0.0-23-generic root=UUID=b37fb81a-6955-49d2-b54b-bbf9c04530bb ro quiet splash vt.handoff=1
[    0.080287] Calgary: detecting Calgary via BIOS EBDA area
[    0.080290] Calgary: Unable to locate Rio Grande table in EBDA - bailing!
[    0.108841] Memory: 7911052K/8182156K available (14339K kernel code, 2335K rwdata, 4312K rodata, 2584K init, 5196K bss, 271104K reserved, 0K cma-reserved)
[    0.108958] SLUB: HWalign=64, Order=0-3, MinObjects=0, CPUs=8, Nodes=1
[    0.108964] Kernel/User page tables isolation: enabled
[    0.108982] ftrace: allocating 41572 entries in 163 pages
[    0.126558] rcu: Hierarchical RCU implementation.
[    0.126560] rcu: 	RCU restricting CPUs from NR_CPUS=8192 to nr_cpu_ids=8.
[    0.126561] 	Tasks RCU enabled.
[    0.126561] rcu: RCU calculated value of scheduler-enlistment delay is 25 jiffies.
[    0.126562] rcu: Adjusting geometry for rcu_fanout_leaf=16, nr_cpu_ids=8
[    0.129618] NR_IRQS: 524544, nr_irqs: 488, preallocated irqs: 16
[    0.129923] vt handoff: transparent VT on vt#1
[    0.129930] Console: colour dummy device 80x25
[    0.129934] printk: console [tty0] enabled
[    0.129948] ACPI: Core revision 20181213
[    0.210935] ACPI BIOS Warning (bug): Incorrect checksum in table [TCPA] - 0x00, should be 0x7E (20181213/tbprint-177)
[    0.211039] clocksource: hpet: mask: 0xffffffff max_cycles: 0xffffffff, max_idle_ns: 133484882848 ns
[    0.211048] hpet clockevent registered
[    0.211054] APIC: Switch to symmetric I/O mode setup
[    0.211055] DMAR: Host address width 36
[    0.211056] DMAR: DRHD base: 0x000000fedc0000 flags: 0x0
[    0.211059] DMAR: dmar0: reg_base_addr fedc0000 ver 1:0 cap c9008020e30272 ecap 1000
[    0.211060] DMAR: DRHD base: 0x000000fedc1000 flags: 0x0
[    0.211062] DMAR: dmar1: reg_base_addr fedc1000 ver 1:0 cap c0000020230272 ecap 1000
[    0.211062] DMAR: DRHD base: 0x000000fedc2000 flags: 0x1
[    0.211064] DMAR: dmar2: reg_base_addr fedc2000 ver 1:0 cap c9008020630272 ecap 1000
[    0.211065] DMAR: RMRR base: 0x000000db730000 end: 0x000000db76ffff
[    0.211066] DMAR: RMRR base: 0x000000ddc00000 end: 0x000000dfffffff
[    0.211576] ..TIMER: vector=0x30 apic1=0 pin1=2 apic2=-1 pin2=-1
[    0.231053] clocksource: tsc-early: mask: 0xffffffffffffffff max_cycles: 0x2fecdae5de4, max_idle_ns: 440795228653 ns
[    0.231066] Calibrating delay loop (skipped), value calculated using timer frequency.. 6649.62 BogoMIPS (lpj=13299248)
[    0.231068] pid_max: default: 32768 minimum: 301
[    0.231094] LSM: Security Framework initializing
[    0.231102] Yama: becoming mindful.
[    0.231119] AppArmor: AppArmor initialized
[    0.232552] Dentry cache hash table entries: 1048576 (order: 11, 8388608 bytes)
[    0.233290] Inode-cache hash table entries: 524288 (order: 10, 4194304 bytes)
[    0.233339] Mount-cache hash table entries: 16384 (order: 5, 131072 bytes)
[    0.233363] Mountpoint-cache hash table entries: 16384 (order: 5, 131072 bytes)
[    0.233584] mce: CPU supports 9 MCE banks
[    0.233593] mce: CPU0: Thermal monitoring enabled (TM1)
[    0.233600] process: using mwait in idle threads
[    0.233602] Last level iTLB entries: 4KB 512, 2MB 7, 4MB 7
[    0.233603] Last level dTLB entries: 4KB 512, 2MB 32, 4MB 32, 1GB 0
[    0.233605] Spectre V2 : Mitigation: Full generic retpoline
[    0.233605] Spectre V2 : Spectre v2 / SpectreRSB mitigation: Filling RSB on context switch
[    0.233605] Spectre V2 : Enabling Restricted Speculation for firmware calls
[    0.233614] Spectre V2 : mitigation: Enabling conditional Indirect Branch Prediction Barrier
[    0.233615] Spectre V2 : User space: Mitigation: STIBP via seccomp and prctl
[    0.233616] Speculative Store Bypass: Mitigation: Speculative Store Bypass disabled via prctl and seccomp
[    0.233639] MDS: Vulnerable: Clear CPU buffers attempted, no microcode
[    0.233770] Freeing SMP alternatives memory: 36K
[    0.239055] smpboot: CPU0: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5 CPU         660  @ 3.33GHz (family: 0x6, model: 0x25, stepping: 0x5)
[    0.239055] Performance Events: PEBS fmt1+, Westmere events, 16-deep LBR, Intel PMU driver.
[    0.239055] core: CPUID marked event: 'bus cycles' unavailable
[    0.239055] ... version:                3
[    0.239055] ... bit width:              48
[    0.239055] ... generic registers:      4
[    0.239055] ... value mask:             0000ffffffffffff
[    0.239055] ... max period:             000000007fffffff
[    0.239055] ... fixed-purpose events:   3
[    0.239055] ... event mask:             000000070000000f
[    0.239055] rcu: Hierarchical SRCU implementation.
[    0.239055] NMI watchdog: Enabled. Permanently consumes one hw-PMU counter.
[    0.239055] smp: Bringing up secondary CPUs ...
[    0.239055] x86: Booting SMP configuration:
[    0.239055] .... node  #0, CPUs:      #1 #2
[    0.241386] MDS CPU bug present and SMT on, data leak possible. See https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/admin-guide/hw-vuln/mds.html for more details.
[    0.241386]  #3
[    0.243120] smp: Brought up 1 node, 4 CPUs
[    0.243120] smpboot: Max logical packages: 2
[    0.243120] smpboot: Total of 4 processors activated (26598.49 BogoMIPS)
[    0.244947] devtmpfs: initialized
[    0.244947] x86/mm: Memory block size: 128MB
[    0.247515] PM: Registering ACPI NVS region [mem 0xdb6cfc00-0xdb723bff] (344064 bytes)
[    0.247515] clocksource: jiffies: mask: 0xffffffff max_cycles: 0xffffffff, max_idle_ns: 7645041785100000 ns
[    0.247515] futex hash table entries: 2048 (order: 5, 131072 bytes)
[    0.247515] pinctrl core: initialized pinctrl subsystem
[    0.247515] RTC time: 10:59:09, date: 2019-08-13
[    0.247515] NET: Registered protocol family 16
[    0.247515] audit: initializing netlink subsys (disabled)
[    0.247515] audit: type=2000 audit(1565693949.036:1): state=initialized audit_enabled=0 res=1
[    0.247515] EISA bus registered
[    0.247515] cpuidle: using governor ladder
[    0.247515] cpuidle: using governor menu
[    0.247515] Simple Boot Flag at 0x7a set to 0x80
[    0.247515] ACPI FADT declares the system doesn't support PCIe ASPM, so disable it
[    0.247515] ACPI: bus type PCI registered
[    0.247515] acpiphp: ACPI Hot Plug PCI Controller Driver version: 0.5
[    0.247515] PCI: MMCONFIG for domain 0000 [bus 00-3f] at [mem 0xf8000000-0xfbffffff] (base 0xf8000000)
[    0.247515] PCI: MMCONFIG at [mem 0xf8000000-0xfbffffff] reserved in E820
[    0.247515] PCI: Using configuration type 1 for base access
[    0.248262] HugeTLB registered 2.00 MiB page size, pre-allocated 0 pages
[    0.248262] ACPI: Added _OSI(Module Device)
[    0.248262] ACPI: Added _OSI(Processor Device)
[    0.248262] ACPI: Added _OSI(3.0 _SCP Extensions)
[    0.248262] ACPI: Added _OSI(Processor Aggregator Device)
[    0.248262] ACPI: Added _OSI(Linux-Dell-Video)
[    0.248262] ACPI: Added _OSI(Linux-Lenovo-NV-HDMI-Audio)
[    0.248262] ACPI: Added _OSI(Linux-HPI-Hybrid-Graphics)
[    0.311841] ACPI: 3 ACPI AML tables successfully acquired and loaded
[    0.315731] ACPI: [Firmware Bug]: BIOS _OSI(Linux) query ignored
[    0.318610] ACPI: Interpreter enabled
[    0.318627] ACPI: (supports S0 S1 S3 S4 S5)
[    0.318628] ACPI: Using IOAPIC for interrupt routing
[    0.318740] PCI: Using host bridge windows from ACPI; if necessary, use "pci=nocrs" and report a bug
[    0.318923] ACPI: Enabled 9 GPEs in block 00 to 3F
[    0.400947] ACPI: PCI Root Bridge [PCI0] (domain 0000 [bus 00-ff])
[    0.400953] acpi PNP0A03:00: _OSC: OS supports [ExtendedConfig ASPM ClockPM Segments MSI]
[    0.400964] acpi PNP0A03:00: [Firmware Info]: MMCONFIG for domain 0000 [bus 00-3f] only partially covers this bridge
[    0.406299] PCI host bridge to bus 0000:00
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [io  0x0000-0x0cf7 window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [io  0x0d00-0xffff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0x000a0000-0x000bffff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0x000c0000-0x000effff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0x000f0000-0x000fffff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0xdb800000-0xf7ffffff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0xff87c000-0xff87ffff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0xff870000-0xff8707ff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0xfed20000-0xfed9ffff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0xfeda6000-0xfeda6fff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [mem 0xfeda7000-0xfeda7fff window]
[    0.406299] pci_bus 0000:00: root bus resource [bus 00-ff]
[    0.406299] pci 0000:00:00.0: [8086:0040] type 00 class 0x060000
[    0.406299] DMAR: Disabling batched IOTLB flush on Ironlake
[    0.407243] pci 0000:00:01.0: [8086:0041] type 01 class 0x060400
[    0.407274] pci 0000:00:01.0: PME# supported from D0 D3hot D3cold
[    0.407557] pci 0000:00:02.0: [8086:0042] type 00 class 0x030000
[    0.407566] pci 0000:00:02.0: reg 0x10: [mem 0xf7c00000-0xf7ffffff 64bit]
[    0.407570] pci 0000:00:02.0: reg 0x18: [mem 0xe0000000-0xefffffff 64bit pref]
[    0.407573] pci 0000:00:02.0: reg 0x20: [io  0xec90-0xec97]
[    0.407885] pci 0000:00:16.0: [8086:3b64] type 00 class 0x078000
[    0.407914] pci 0000:00:16.0: reg 0x10: [mem 0xfeda6000-0xfeda600f 64bit]
[    0.408001] pci 0000:00:16.0: PME# supported from D0 D3hot D3cold
[    0.408292] pci 0000:00:16.2: [8086:3b66] type 00 class 0x010185
[    0.408312] pci 0000:00:16.2: reg 0x10: [io  0xfe80-0xfe87]
[    0.408321] pci 0000:00:16.2: reg 0x14: [io  0xfe90-0xfe93]
[    0.408329] pci 0000:00:16.2: reg 0x18: [io  0xfea0-0xfea7]
[    0.408338] pci 0000:00:16.2: reg 0x1c: [io  0xfeb0-0xfeb3]
[    0.408346] pci 0000:00:16.2: reg 0x20: [io  0xfef0-0xfeff]
[    0.408677] pci 0000:00:16.3: [8086:3b67] type 00 class 0x070002
[    0.408697] pci 0000:00:16.3: reg 0x10: [io  0xec98-0xec9f]
[    0.408707] pci 0000:00:16.3: reg 0x14: [mem 0xf7bdb000-0xf7bdbfff]
[    0.409066] pci 0000:00:19.0: [8086:10ef] type 00 class 0x020000
[    0.409083] pci 0000:00:19.0: reg 0x10: [mem 0xf7be0000-0xf7bfffff]
[    0.409090] pci 0000:00:19.0: reg 0x14: [mem 0xf7bdc000-0xf7bdcfff]
[    0.409097] pci 0000:00:19.0: reg 0x18: [io  0xecc0-0xecdf]
[    0.409149] pci 0000:00:19.0: PME# supported from D0 D3hot D3cold
[    0.409433] pci 0000:00:1a.0: [8086:3b3c] type 00 class 0x0c0320
[    0.409452] pci 0000:00:1a.0: reg 0x10: [mem 0xf7bdd000-0xf7bdd3ff]
[    0.409527] pci 0000:00:1a.0: PME# supported from D0 D3hot D3cold
[    0.409821] pci 0000:00:1b.0: [8086:3b56] type 00 class 0x040300
[    0.409840] pci 0000:00:1b.0: reg 0x10: [mem 0xff87c000-0xff87ffff 64bit]
[    0.409908] pci 0000:00:1b.0: PME# supported from D0 D3hot D3cold
[    0.410196] pci 0000:00:1c.0: [8086:3b42] type 01 class 0x060400
[    0.410267] pci 0000:00:1c.0: PME# supported from D0 D3hot D3cold
[    0.410568] pci 0000:00:1c.4: [8086:3b4a] type 01 class 0x060400
[    0.410639] pci 0000:00:1c.4: PME# supported from D0 D3hot D3cold
[    0.410941] pci 0000:00:1d.0: [8086:3b34] type 00 class 0x0c0320
[    0.410960] pci 0000:00:1d.0: reg 0x10: [mem 0xf7bde000-0xf7bde3ff]
[    0.411035] pci 0000:00:1d.0: PME# supported from D0 D3hot D3cold
[    0.411331] pci 0000:00:1e.0: [8086:244e] type 01 class 0x060401
[    0.411662] pci 0000:00:1f.0: [8086:3b0a] type 00 class 0x060100
[    0.412046] pci 0000:00:1f.2: [8086:2822] type 00 class 0x010400
[    0.412063] pci 0000:00:1f.2: reg 0x10: [io  0xfe00-0xfe07]
[    0.412069] pci 0000:00:1f.2: reg 0x14: [io  0xfe10-0xfe13]
[    0.412075] pci 0000:00:1f.2: reg 0x18: [io  0xfe20-0xfe27]
[    0.412080] pci 0000:00:1f.2: reg 0x1c: [io  0xfe30-0xfe33]
[    0.412086] pci 0000:00:1f.2: reg 0x20: [io  0xfec0-0xfedf]
[    0.412092] pci 0000:00:1f.2: reg 0x24: [mem 0xff870000-0xff8707ff]
[    0.412126] pci 0000:00:1f.2: PME# supported from D3hot
[    0.412408] pci 0000:00:1f.3: [8086:3b30] type 00 class 0x0c0500
[    0.412424] pci 0000:00:1f.3: reg 0x10: [mem 0xf7bdf000-0xf7bdf0ff 64bit]
[    0.412442] pci 0000:00:1f.3: reg 0x20: [io  0xece0-0xecff]
[    0.412755] pci 0000:00:01.0: PCI bridge to [bus 01]
[    0.412790] pci 0000:00:1c.0: PCI bridge to [bus 02]
[    0.412829] pci 0000:00:1c.4: PCI bridge to [bus 03]
[    0.412850] pci_bus 0000:04: extended config space not accessible
[    0.412893] pci 0000:00:1e.0: PCI bridge to [bus 04] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412900] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [io  0x0000-0x0cf7 window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412901] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [io  0x0d00-0xffff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412902] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0x000a0000-0x000bffff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412903] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0x000c0000-0x000effff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412904] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0x000f0000-0x000fffff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412905] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0xdb800000-0xf7ffffff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412906] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0xff87c000-0xff87ffff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412907] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0xff870000-0xff8707ff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412908] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0xfed20000-0xfed9ffff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412909] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0xfeda6000-0xfeda6fff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.412910] pci 0000:00:1e.0:   bridge window [mem 0xfeda7000-0xfeda7fff window] (subtractive decode)
[    0.426385] ACPI: PCI Interrupt Link [LNKA] (IRQs 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 *11 12 15)
[    0.427313] ACPI: PCI Interrupt Link [LNKB] (IRQs 3 4 *5 6 7 9 10 11 12 15)
[    0.428236] ACPI: PCI Interrupt Link [LNKC] (IRQs 3 4 5 6 7 9 *10 11 12 15)
[    0.429187] ACPI: PCI Interrupt Link [LNKD] (IRQs 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 15) *0, disabled.
[    0.430129] ACPI: PCI Interrupt Link [LNKE] (IRQs 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 15) *0, disabled.
[    0.431061] ACPI: PCI Interrupt Link [LNKF] (IRQs 3 4 5 6 7 *9 10 11 12 15)
[    0.432009] ACPI: PCI Interrupt Link [LNKG] (IRQs 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 15) *0, disabled.
[    0.432937] ACPI: PCI Interrupt Link [LNKH] (IRQs 3 4 *5 6 7 9 10 11 12 15)
[    0.433453] SCSI subsystem initialized
[    0.433453] libata version 3.00 loaded.
[    0.433453] pci 0000:00:02.0: vgaarb: setting as boot VGA device
[    0.433453] pci 0000:00:02.0: vgaarb: VGA device added: decodes=io+mem,owns=io+mem,locks=none
[    0.433453] pci 0000:00:02.0: vgaarb: bridge control possible
[    0.433453] vgaarb: loaded
[    0.433453] ACPI: bus type USB registered
[    0.433453] usbcore: registered new interface driver usbfs
[    0.433453] usbcore: registered new interface driver hub
[    0.433453] usbcore: registered new device driver usb
[    0.433453] pps_core: LinuxPPS API ver. 1 registered
[    0.433453] pps_core: Software ver. 5.3.6 - Copyright 2005-2007 Rodolfo Giometti <giometti@linux.it>
[    0.433453] PTP clock support registered
[    0.433453] EDAC MC: Ver: 3.0.0
[    0.433453] PCI: Using ACPI for IRQ routing
[    0.433453] PCI: Discovered peer bus 3f
[    0.433453] PCI: root bus 3f: using default resources
[    0.433453] PCI: Probing PCI hardware (bus 3f)
[    0.433453] PCI host bridge to bus 0000:3f
[    0.433453] pci_bus 0000:3f: root bus resource [io  0x0000-0xffff]
[    0.433453] pci_bus 0000:3f: root bus resource [mem 0x00000000-0xfffffffff]
[    0.433453] pci_bus 0000:3f: No busn resource found for root bus, will use [bus 3f-ff]
[    0.433453] pci_bus 0000:3f: busn_res: can not insert [bus 3f-ff] under domain [bus 00-ff] (conflicts with (null) [bus 00-ff])
[    0.433453] pci 0000:3f:00.0: [8086:2c61] type 00 class 0x060000
[    0.433453] pci 0000:3f:00.1: [8086:2d01] type 00 class 0x060000
[    0.433453] pci 0000:3f:02.0: [8086:2d10] type 00 class 0x060000
[    0.433453] pci 0000:3f:02.1: [8086:2d11] type 00 class 0x060000
[    0.433453] pci 0000:3f:02.2: [8086:2d12] type 00 class 0x060000
[    0.433453] pci 0000:3f:02.3: [8086:2d13] type 00 class 0x060000
[    0.433453] pci_bus 0000:3f: busn_res: [bus 3f-ff] end is updated to 3f
[    0.433453] pci_bus 0000:3f: busn_res: can not insert [bus 3f] under domain [bus 00-ff] (conflicts with (null) [bus 00-ff])
[    0.433453] PCI: pci_cache_line_size set to 64 bytes
[    0.433453] Expanded resource Reserved due to conflict with PCI Bus 0000:00
[    0.433453] e820: reserve RAM buffer [mem 0x00095c00-0x0009ffff]
[    0.433453] e820: reserve RAM buffer [mem 0xdb6cfc00-0xdbffffff]
[    0.435063] NetLabel: Initializing
[    0.435063] NetLabel:  domain hash size = 128
[    0.435063] NetLabel:  protocols = UNLABELED CIPSOv4 CALIPSO
[    0.435063] NetLabel:  unlabeled traffic allowed by default
[    0.435179] hpet0: at MMIO 0xfed00000, IRQs 2, 8, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
[    0.435184] hpet0: 8 comparators, 64-bit 14.318180 MHz counter
[    0.437215] clocksource: Switched to clocksource tsc-early
[    0.446437] VFS: Disk quotas dquot_6.6.0
[    0.446454] VFS: Dquot-cache hash table entries: 512 (order 0, 4096 bytes)
[    0.446560] AppArmor: AppArmor Filesystem Enabled
[    0.446592] pnp: PnP ACPI init
[    0.449188] system 00:00: [io  0x0800-0x085f] has been reserved
[    0.449189] system 00:00: [io  0x0c00-0x0c7f] has been reserved
[    0.449190] system 00:00: [io  0x0860-0x08ff] has been reserved
[    0.449195] system 00:00: Plug and Play ACPI device, IDs PNP0c01 (active)
[    0.449433] pnp 00:01: Plug and Play ACPI device, IDs PNP0b00 (active)
[    0.456227] pnp 00:02: [dma 0 disabled]
[    0.456282] pnp 00:02: Plug and Play ACPI device, IDs PNP0401 (active)
[    0.460948] pnp 00:03: Plug and Play ACPI device, IDs PNP0501 (active)
[    0.470565] pnp: PnP ACPI: found 4 devices
[    0.476197] clocksource: acpi_pm: mask: 0xffffff max_cycles: 0xffffff, max_idle_ns: 2085701024 ns
[    0.476214] pci 0000:00:1c.0: bridge window [io  0x1000-0x0fff] to [bus 02] add_size 1000
[    0.476216] pci 0000:00:1c.0: bridge window [mem 0x00100000-0x000fffff 64bit pref] to [bus 02] add_size 200000 add_align 100000
[    0.476217] pci 0000:00:1c.0: bridge window [mem 0x00100000-0x000fffff] to [bus 02] add_size 200000 add_align 100000
[    0.476224] pci 0000:00:1c.4: bridge window [io  0x1000-0x0fff] to [bus 03] add_size 1000
[    0.476226] pci 0000:00:1c.4: bridge window [mem 0x00100000-0x000fffff 64bit pref] to [bus 03] add_size 200000 add_align 100000
[    0.476227] pci 0000:00:1c.4: bridge window [mem 0x00100000-0x000fffff] to [bus 03] add_size 200000 add_align 100000
[    0.476240] pci 0000:00:1c.0: BAR 14: assigned [mem 0xf0000000-0xf01fffff]
[    0.476244] pci 0000:00:1c.0: BAR 15: assigned [mem 0xf0200000-0xf03fffff 64bit pref]
[    0.476246] pci 0000:00:1c.4: BAR 14: assigned [mem 0xf0400000-0xf05fffff]
[    0.476249] pci 0000:00:1c.4: BAR 15: assigned [mem 0xf0600000-0xf07fffff 64bit pref]
[    0.476251] pci 0000:00:1c.0: BAR 13: assigned [io  0x1000-0x1fff]
[    0.476252] pci 0000:00:1c.4: BAR 13: assigned [io  0x2000-0x2fff]
[    0.476254] pci 0000:00:01.0: PCI bridge to [bus 01]
[    0.476259] pci 0000:00:1c.0: PCI bridge to [bus 02]
[    0.476261] pci 0000:00:1c.0:   bridge window [io  0x1000-0x1fff]
[    0.476265] pci 0000:00:1c.0:   bridge window [mem 0xf0000000-0xf01fffff]
[    0.476267] pci 0000:00:1c.0:   bridge window [mem 0xf0200000-0xf03fffff 64bit pref]
[    0.476272] pci 0000:00:1c.4: PCI bridge to [bus 03]
[    0.476274] pci 0000:00:1c.4:   bridge window [io  0x2000-0x2fff]
[    0.476277] pci 0000:00:1c.4:   bridge window [mem 0xf0400000-0xf05fffff]
[    0.476280] pci 0000:00:1c.4:   bridge window [mem 0xf0600000-0xf07fffff 64bit pref]
[    0.476284] pci 0000:00:1e.0: PCI bridge to [bus 04]
[    0.476294] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 4 [io  0x0000-0x0cf7 window]
[    0.476295] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 5 [io  0x0d00-0xffff window]
[    0.476296] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 6 [mem 0x000a0000-0x000bffff window]
[    0.476297] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 7 [mem 0x000c0000-0x000effff window]
[    0.476297] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 8 [mem 0x000f0000-0x000fffff window]
[    0.476298] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 9 [mem 0xdb800000-0xf7ffffff window]
[    0.476299] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 10 [mem 0xff87c000-0xff87ffff window]
[    0.476300] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 11 [mem 0xff870000-0xff8707ff window]
[    0.476301] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 12 [mem 0xfed20000-0xfed9ffff window]
[    0.476302] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 13 [mem 0xfeda6000-0xfeda6fff window]
[    0.476303] pci_bus 0000:00: resource 14 [mem 0xfeda7000-0xfeda7fff window]
[    0.476304] pci_bus 0000:02: resource 0 [io  0x1000-0x1fff]
[    0.476305] pci_bus 0000:02: resource 1 [mem 0xf0000000-0xf01fffff]
[    0.476306] pci_bus 0000:02: resource 2 [mem 0xf0200000-0xf03fffff 64bit pref]
[    0.476307] pci_bus 0000:03: resource 0 [io  0x2000-0x2fff]
[    0.476308] pci_bus 0000:03: resource 1 [mem 0xf0400000-0xf05fffff]
[    0.476309] pci_bus 0000:03: resource 2 [mem 0xf0600000-0xf07fffff 64bit pref]
[    0.476310] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 4 [io  0x0000-0x0cf7 window]
[    0.476311] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 5 [io  0x0d00-0xffff window]
[    0.476312] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 6 [mem 0x000a0000-0x000bffff window]
[    0.476313] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 7 [mem 0x000c0000-0x000effff window]
[    0.476314] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 8 [mem 0x000f0000-0x000fffff window]
[    0.476314] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 9 [mem 0xdb800000-0xf7ffffff window]
[    0.476315] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 10 [mem 0xff87c000-0xff87ffff window]
[    0.476316] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 11 [mem 0xff870000-0xff8707ff window]
[    0.476317] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 12 [mem 0xfed20000-0xfed9ffff window]
[    0.476318] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 13 [mem 0xfeda6000-0xfeda6fff window]
[    0.476319] pci_bus 0000:04: resource 14 [mem 0xfeda7000-0xfeda7fff window]
[    0.476352] pci_bus 0000:3f: resource 4 [io  0x0000-0xffff]
[    0.476353] pci_bus 0000:3f: resource 5 [mem 0x00000000-0xfffffffff]
[    0.476380] NET: Registered protocol family 2
[    0.476539] tcp_listen_portaddr_hash hash table entries: 4096 (order: 4, 65536 bytes)
[    0.476565] TCP established hash table entries: 65536 (order: 7, 524288 bytes)
[    0.476677] TCP bind hash table entries: 65536 (order: 8, 1048576 bytes)
[    0.476821] TCP: Hash tables configured (established 65536 bind 65536)
[    0.476859] UDP hash table entries: 4096 (order: 5, 131072 bytes)
[    0.476882] UDP-Lite hash table entries: 4096 (order: 5, 131072 bytes)
[    0.476971] NET: Registered protocol family 1
[    0.476975] NET: Registered protocol family 44
[    0.476992] pci 0000:00:02.0: BIOS left Intel GPU interrupts enabled; disabling
[    0.476998] pci 0000:00:02.0: Video device with shadowed ROM at [mem 0x000c0000-0x000dffff]
[    0.478659] PCI: CLS 64 bytes, default 64
[    0.478700] Unpacking initramfs...
[    0.917265] Freeing initrd memory: 39280K
[    0.932942] PCI-DMA: Using software bounce buffering for IO (SWIOTLB)
[    0.932945] software IO TLB: mapped [mem 0xd76cf000-0xdb6cf000] (64MB)
[    0.933128] check: Scanning for low memory corruption every 60 seconds
[    0.934621] Initialise system trusted keyrings
[    0.934631] Key type blacklist registered
[    0.934658] workingset: timestamp_bits=36 max_order=21 bucket_order=0
[    0.935834] zbud: loaded
[    0.936205] squashfs: version 4.0 (2009/01/31) Phillip Lougher
[    0.936365] fuse init (API version 7.28)
[    0.964001] Key type asymmetric registered
[    0.964003] Asymmetric key parser 'x509' registered
[    0.964020] Block layer SCSI generic (bsg) driver version 0.4 loaded (major 243)
[    0.964057] io scheduler mq-deadline registered
[    0.965524] shpchp: Standard Hot Plug PCI Controller Driver version: 0.4
[    0.965578] vesafb: mode is 1280x1024x32, linelength=5120, pages=0
[    0.965579] vesafb: scrolling: redraw
[    0.965580] vesafb: Truecolor: size=8:8:8:8, shift=24:16:8:0
[    0.965593] vesafb: framebuffer at 0xe0000000, mapped to 0x(____ptrval____), using 5120k, total 5120k
[    0.965685] Console: switching to colour frame buffer device 160x64
[    0.965713] fb0: VESA VGA frame buffer device
[    0.965726] intel_idle: MWAIT substates: 0x1120
[    0.965726] intel_idle: v0.4.1 model 0x25
[    0.965869] intel_idle: lapic_timer_reliable_states 0xffffffff
[    0.965938] input: Power Button as /devices/LNXSYSTM:00/LNXSYBUS:00/PNP0C0C:00/input/input0
[    0.965952] ACPI: Power Button [VBTN]
[    0.965987] input: Power Button as /devices/LNXSYSTM:00/LNXPWRBN:00/input/input1
[    0.965994] ACPI: Power Button [PWRF]
[    0.966466] Serial: 8250/16550 driver, 32 ports, IRQ sharing enabled
[    0.987047] 00:03: ttyS0 at I/O 0x3f8 (irq = 4, base_baud = 115200) is a 16550A
[    1.011164] 0000:00:16.3: ttyS4 at I/O 0xec98 (irq = 17, base_baud = 115200) is a 16550A
[    1.011991] Linux agpgart interface v0.103
[    1.016177] loop: module loaded
[    1.017515] scsi host0: ata_generic
[    1.017753] scsi host1: ata_generic
[    1.017851] ata1: PATA max UDMA/100 cmd 0xfe80 ctl 0xfe90 bmdma 0xfef0 irq 18
[    1.017854] ata2: PATA max UDMA/100 cmd 0xfea0 ctl 0xfeb0 bmdma 0xfef8 irq 18
[    1.017956] libphy: Fixed MDIO Bus: probed
[    1.017957] tun: Universal TUN/TAP device driver, 1.6
[    1.018003] PPP generic driver version 2.4.2
[    1.018045] ehci_hcd: USB 2.0 'Enhanced' Host Controller (EHCI) Driver
[    1.018049] ehci-pci: EHCI PCI platform driver
[    1.018484] ehci-pci 0000:00:1a.0: EHCI Host Controller
[    1.018489] ehci-pci 0000:00:1a.0: new USB bus registered, assigned bus number 1
[    1.018501] ehci-pci 0000:00:1a.0: debug port 2
[    1.022424] ehci-pci 0000:00:1a.0: cache line size of 64 is not supported
[    1.022434] ehci-pci 0000:00:1a.0: irq 16, io mem 0xf7bdd000
[    1.035679] ehci-pci 0000:00:1a.0: USB 2.0 started, EHCI 1.00
[    1.035764] usb usb1: New USB device found, idVendor=1d6b, idProduct=0002, bcdDevice= 5.00
[    1.035767] usb usb1: New USB device strings: Mfr=3, Product=2, SerialNumber=1
[    1.035769] usb usb1: Product: EHCI Host Controller
[    1.035771] usb usb1: Manufacturer: Linux 5.0.0-23-generic ehci_hcd
[    1.035773] usb usb1: SerialNumber: 0000:00:1a.0
[    1.036067] hub 1-0:1.0: USB hub found
[    1.036084] hub 1-0:1.0: 3 ports detected
[    1.036626] ehci-pci 0000:00:1d.0: EHCI Host Controller
[    1.036629] ehci-pci 0000:00:1d.0: new USB bus registered, assigned bus number 2
[    1.036638] ehci-pci 0000:00:1d.0: debug port 2
[    1.040569] ehci-pci 0000:00:1d.0: cache line size of 64 is not supported
[    1.040591] ehci-pci 0000:00:1d.0: irq 23, io mem 0xf7bde000
[    1.055680] ehci-pci 0000:00:1d.0: USB 2.0 started, EHCI 1.00
[    1.055804] usb usb2: New USB device found, idVendor=1d6b, idProduct=0002, bcdDevice= 5.00
[    1.055806] usb usb2: New USB device strings: Mfr=3, Product=2, SerialNumber=1
[    1.055807] usb usb2: Product: EHCI Host Controller
[    1.055807] usb usb2: Manufacturer: Linux 5.0.0-23-generic ehci_hcd
[    1.055808] usb usb2: SerialNumber: 0000:00:1d.0
[    1.056111] hub 2-0:1.0: USB hub found
[    1.056126] hub 2-0:1.0: 3 ports detected
[    1.056254] ehci-platform: EHCI generic platform driver
[    1.056262] ohci_hcd: USB 1.1 'Open' Host Controller (OHCI) Driver
[    1.056264] ohci-pci: OHCI PCI platform driver
[    1.056272] ohci-platform: OHCI generic platform driver
[    1.056276] uhci_hcd: USB Universal Host Controller Interface driver
[    1.056311] i8042: PNP: No PS/2 controller found.
[    1.056311] i8042: Probing ports directly.
[    1.059262] serio: i8042 KBD port at 0x60,0x64 irq 1
[    1.059267] serio: i8042 AUX port at 0x60,0x64 irq 12
[    1.059681] mousedev: PS/2 mouse device common for all mice
[    1.060302] rtc_cmos 00:01: RTC can wake from S4
[    1.060470] rtc_cmos 00:01: registered as rtc0
[    1.060507] rtc_cmos 00:01: alarms up to one day, 242 bytes nvram, hpet irqs
[    1.060520] i2c /dev entries driver
[    1.060631] device-mapper: uevent: version 1.0.3
[    1.060701] device-mapper: ioctl: 4.39.0-ioctl (2018-04-03) initialised: dm-devel@redhat.com
[    1.060745] platform eisa.0: Probing EISA bus 0
[    1.060748] platform eisa.0: EISA: Cannot allocate resource for mainboard
[    1.060750] platform eisa.0: Cannot allocate resource for EISA slot 1
[    1.060753] platform eisa.0: Cannot allocate resource for EISA slot 2
[    1.060755] platform eisa.0: Cannot allocate resource for EISA slot 3
[    1.060757] platform eisa.0: Cannot allocate resource for EISA slot 4
[    1.060760] platform eisa.0: Cannot allocate resource for EISA slot 5
[    1.060762] platform eisa.0: Cannot allocate resource for EISA slot 6
[    1.060764] platform eisa.0: Cannot allocate resource for EISA slot 7
[    1.060767] platform eisa.0: Cannot allocate resource for EISA slot 8
[    1.060769] platform eisa.0: EISA: Detected 0 cards
[    1.061033] ledtrig-cpu: registered to indicate activity on CPUs
[    1.061338] NET: Registered protocol family 10
[    1.065948] Segment Routing with IPv6
[    1.065969] NET: Registered protocol family 17
[    1.065999] Key type dns_resolver registered
[    1.066193] RAS: Correctable Errors collector initialized.
[    1.066224] microcode: sig=0x20655, pf=0x2, revision=0x7
[    1.066270] microcode: Microcode Update Driver: v2.2.
[    1.066279] sched_clock: Marking stable (985109707, 81152892)->(1177744218, -111481619)
[    1.066528] registered taskstats version 1
[    1.066537] Loading compiled-in X.509 certificates
[    1.068116] Loaded X.509 cert 'Build time autogenerated kernel key: caf27ed67be6a8d4c681ef3325a4613a9f2d2943'
[    1.068134] zswap: loaded using pool lzo/zbud
[    1.073278] Key type big_key registered
[    1.073281] Key type trusted registered
[    1.076053] Key type encrypted registered
[    1.076061] AppArmor: AppArmor sha1 policy hashing enabled
[    1.076073] ima: No TPM chip found, activating TPM-bypass!
[    1.076091] ima: Allocated hash algorithm: sha1
[    1.076107] No architecture policies found
[    1.076124] evm: Initialising EVM extended attributes:
[    1.076125] evm: security.selinux
[    1.076126] evm: security.SMACK64
[    1.076127] evm: security.SMACK64EXEC
[    1.076128] evm: security.SMACK64TRANSMUTE
[    1.076129] evm: security.SMACK64MMAP
[    1.076130] evm: security.apparmor
[    1.076131] evm: security.ima
[    1.076132] evm: security.capability
[    1.076134] evm: HMAC attrs: 0x1
[    1.076489]   Magic number: 15:490:982
[    1.076618] rtc_cmos 00:01: setting system clock to 2019-08-13T10:59:10 UTC (1565693950)
[    1.359939] Freeing unused decrypted memory: 2040K
[    1.360433] Freeing unused kernel image memory: 2584K
[    1.371143] usb 1-1: new high-speed USB device number 2 using ehci-pci
[    1.383145] Write protecting the kernel read-only data: 22528k
[    1.383898] Freeing unused kernel image memory: 2016K
[    1.384376] Freeing unused kernel image memory: 1832K
[    1.391134] usb 2-1: new high-speed USB device number 2 using ehci-pci
[    1.394793] x86/mm: Checked W+X mappings: passed, no W+X pages found.
[    1.394794] x86/mm: Checking user space page tables
[    1.404959] x86/mm: Checked W+X mappings: passed, no W+X pages found.
[    1.404962] Run /init as init process
[    1.472119] wmi_bus wmi_bus-PNP0C14:00: WQBC data block query control method not found
[    1.479698] ahci 0000:00:1f.2: version 3.0
[    1.480266] ahci 0000:00:1f.2: controller can't do SNTF, turning off CAP_SNTF
[    1.480362] ahci 0000:00:1f.2: AHCI 0001.0300 32 slots 6 ports 3 Gbps 0x1f impl RAID mode
[    1.480365] ahci 0000:00:1f.2: flags: 64bit ncq led clo pmp fbs pio ems sxs apst 
[    1.480374] ahci 0000:00:1f.2: port 0 is not capable of FBS
[    1.480396] ahci 0000:00:1f.2: port 1 is not capable of FBS
[    1.480652] e1000e: Intel(R) PRO/1000 Network Driver - 3.2.6-k
[    1.480652] e1000e: Copyright(c) 1999 - 2015 Intel Corporation.
[    1.481144] e1000e 0000:00:19.0: Interrupt Throttling Rate (ints/sec) set to dynamic conservative mode
[    1.491277] ahci 0000:00:1f.2: port 2 is not capable of FBS
[    1.503074] ahci 0000:00:1f.2: port 3 is not capable of FBS
[    1.527504] usb 1-1: New USB device found, idVendor=8087, idProduct=0020, bcdDevice= 0.00
[    1.527506] usb 1-1: New USB device strings: Mfr=0, Product=0, SerialNumber=0
[    1.527811] hub 1-1:1.0: USB hub found
[    1.527812] scsi host2: ahci
[    1.527916] hub 1-1:1.0: 6 ports detected
[    1.528139] scsi host3: ahci
[    1.528285] scsi host4: ahci
[    1.528402] scsi host5: ahci
[    1.528502] scsi host6: ahci
[    1.528605] scsi host7: ahci
[    1.528670] ata3: SATA max UDMA/133 abar m2048@0xff870000 port 0xff870100 irq 24
[    1.528671] ata4: SATA max UDMA/133 abar m2048@0xff870000 port 0xff870180 irq 24
[    1.528673] ata5: SATA max UDMA/133 abar m2048@0xff870000 port 0xff870200 irq 24
[    1.528675] ata6: SATA max UDMA/133 abar m2048@0xff870000 port 0xff870280 irq 24
[    1.528676] ata7: SATA max UDMA/133 abar m2048@0xff870000 port 0xff870300 irq 24
[    1.528676] ata8: DUMMY
[    1.555863] usb 2-1: New USB device found, idVendor=8087, idProduct=0020, bcdDevice= 0.00
[    1.555867] usb 2-1: New USB device strings: Mfr=0, Product=0, SerialNumber=0
[    1.556386] hub 2-1:1.0: USB hub found
[    1.556537] hub 2-1:1.0: 8 ports detected
[    1.669637] e1000e 0000:00:19.0 eth0: (PCI Express:2.5GT/s:Width x1) f0:4d:a2:e2:f2:0b
[    1.669639] e1000e 0000:00:19.0 eth0: Intel(R) PRO/1000 Network Connection
[    1.669678] e1000e 0000:00:19.0 eth0: MAC: 9, PHY: 9, PBA No: A002FF-0FF
[    1.670353] e1000e 0000:00:19.0 eno1: renamed from eth0
[    1.842498] ata6: SATA link down (SStatus 4 SControl 300)
[    1.842520] ata4: SATA link down (SStatus 4 SControl 300)
[    1.842552] ata7: SATA link down (SStatus 0 SControl 300)
[    1.843106] usb 2-1.4: new low-speed USB device number 3 using ehci-pci
[    1.935153] tsc: Refined TSC clocksource calibration: 3324.980 MHz
[    1.935162] clocksource: tsc: mask: 0xffffffffffffffff max_cycles: 0x2fed799908f, max_idle_ns: 440795219812 ns
[    1.935222] clocksource: Switched to clocksource tsc
[    1.957486] usb 2-1.4: New USB device found, idVendor=413c, idProduct=2106, bcdDevice= 1.77
[    1.957490] usb 2-1.4: New USB device strings: Mfr=1, Product=2, SerialNumber=0
[    1.957492] usb 2-1.4: Product: Dell QuietKey Keyboard
[    1.957495] usb 2-1.4: Manufacturer: Dell
[    1.962014] hidraw: raw HID events driver (C) Jiri Kosina
[    1.966965] usbcore: registered new interface driver usbhid
[    1.966966] usbhid: USB HID core driver
[    1.968850] input: Dell Dell QuietKey Keyboard as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1d.0/usb2/2-1/2-1.4/2-1.4:1.0/0003:413C:2106.0001/input/input5
[    2.003154] ata5: SATA link up 1.5 Gbps (SStatus 113 SControl 300)
[    2.003174] ata3: SATA link up 3.0 Gbps (SStatus 123 SControl 300)
[    2.003725] ata5.00: ATAPI: TSSTcorp DVD+/-RW TS-H653G, DW10, max UDMA/100
[    2.003730] ata5.00: applying bridge limits
[    2.004324] ata3.00: ATA-8: WDC WD5000AAKS-75V0A0, 05.01D05, max UDMA/133
[    2.004326] ata3.00: 976773168 sectors, multi 0: LBA48 NCQ (depth 32), AA
[    2.004727] ata5.00: configured for UDMA/100
[    2.005639] ata3.00: configured for UDMA/133
[    2.005874] scsi 2:0:0:0: Direct-Access     ATA      WDC WD5000AAKS-7 1D05 PQ: 0 ANSI: 5
[    2.006156] sd 2:0:0:0: Attached scsi generic sg0 type 0
[    2.006189] sd 2:0:0:0: [sda] 976773168 512-byte logical blocks: (500 GB/466 GiB)
[    2.006213] sd 2:0:0:0: [sda] Write Protect is off
[    2.006214] sd 2:0:0:0: [sda] Mode Sense: 00 3a 00 00
[    2.006242] sd 2:0:0:0: [sda] Write cache: enabled, read cache: enabled, doesn't support DPO or FUA
[    2.006822] scsi 4:0:0:0: CD-ROM            TSSTcorp DVD+-RW TS-H653G DW10 PQ: 0 ANSI: 5
[    2.027336] hid-generic 0003:413C:2106.0001: input,hidraw0: USB HID v1.10 Keyboard [Dell Dell QuietKey Keyboard] on usb-0000:00:1d.0-1.4/input0
[    2.034840]  sda: sda1
[    2.035073] usb 2-1.5: new low-speed USB device number 4 using ehci-pci
[    2.035726] sd 2:0:0:0: [sda] Attached SCSI disk
[    2.077132] sr 4:0:0:0: [sr0] scsi3-mmc drive: 48x/48x writer dvd-ram cd/rw xa/form2 cdda tray
[    2.077134] cdrom: Uniform CD-ROM driver Revision: 3.20
[    2.077438] sr 4:0:0:0: Attached scsi CD-ROM sr0
[    2.077501] sr 4:0:0:0: Attached scsi generic sg1 type 5
[    2.159599] usb 2-1.5: New USB device found, idVendor=046d, idProduct=c05a, bcdDevice=54.00
[    2.159604] usb 2-1.5: New USB device strings: Mfr=1, Product=2, SerialNumber=0
[    2.159606] usb 2-1.5: Product: USB Optical Mouse
[    2.159609] usb 2-1.5: Manufacturer: Logitech
[    2.162341] input: Logitech USB Optical Mouse as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1d.0/usb2/2-1/2-1.5/2-1.5:1.0/0003:046D:C05A.0002/input/input6
[    2.162446] hid-generic 0003:046D:C05A.0002: input,hidraw1: USB HID v1.11 Mouse [Logitech USB Optical Mouse] on usb-0000:00:1d.0-1.5/input0
[    2.369520] random: fast init done
[    2.505142] random: systemd-udevd: uninitialized urandom read (16 bytes read)
[    2.505162] random: systemd-udevd: uninitialized urandom read (16 bytes read)
[    2.505165] random: systemd-udevd: uninitialized urandom read (16 bytes read)
[    2.506694] EXT4-fs (sda1): mounted filesystem with ordered data mode. Opts: (null)
[    3.865419] random: systemd: uninitialized urandom read (16 bytes read)
[    3.908062] systemd[1]: systemd 237 running in system mode. (+PAM +AUDIT +SELINUX +IMA +APPARMOR +SMACK +SYSVINIT +UTMP +LIBCRYPTSETUP +GCRYPT +GNUTLS +ACL +XZ +LZ4 +SECCOMP +BLKID +ELFUTILS +KMOD -IDN2 +IDN -PCRE2 default-hierarchy=hybrid)
[    3.927390] systemd[1]: Detected architecture x86-64.
[    3.927430] random: systemd: uninitialized urandom read (16 bytes read)
[    3.927438] random: systemd: uninitialized urandom read (16 bytes read)
[    3.940283] systemd[1]: Set hostname to <l3m3>.
[    5.701805] random: crng init done
[    5.701808] random: 4 urandom warning(s) missed due to ratelimiting
[    7.266652] systemd[1]: Started Forward Password Requests to Wall Directory Watch.
[    7.266683] systemd[1]: Reached target User and Group Name Lookups.
[    7.266857] systemd[1]: Created slice System Slice.
[    7.266937] systemd[1]: Listening on Journal Socket (/dev/log).
[    7.267001] systemd[1]: Listening on Journal Socket.
[    7.289271] systemd[1]: Starting Load Kernel Modules...
[    7.289876] systemd[1]: Starting Uncomplicated firewall...
[    7.567214] EXT4-fs (sda1): re-mounted. Opts: errors=remount-ro
[    7.757903] lp: driver loaded but no devices found
[    7.817949] ppdev: user-space parallel port driver
[    7.838483] parport_pc 00:02: reported by Plug and Play ACPI
[    7.838549] parport0: PC-style at 0x378 (0x778), irq 7, using FIFO [PCSPP,TRISTATE,COMPAT,EPP,ECP]
[    7.913629] RPC: Registered named UNIX socket transport module.
[    7.913630] RPC: Registered udp transport module.
[    7.913630] RPC: Registered tcp transport module.
[    7.913631] RPC: Registered tcp NFSv4.1 backchannel transport module.
[    7.935453] lp0: using parport0 (interrupt-driven).
[    7.997796] Adding 2097148k swap on /swapfile.  Priority:-2 extents:6 across:2260988k FS
[    8.043599] systemd-journald[333]: Received request to flush runtime journal from PID 1
[   13.472265] kvm: VM_EXIT_LOAD_IA32_PERF_GLOBAL_CTRL does not work properly. Using workaround
[   18.202332] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.618:2): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/usr/bin/man" pid=492 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.202338] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.618:3): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="man_filter" pid=492 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.202341] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.618:4): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="man_groff" pid=492 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.242951] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.658:5): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/sbin/dhclient" pid=489 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.242958] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.658:6): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/usr/lib/NetworkManager/nm-dhcp-client.action" pid=489 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.242961] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.658:7): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/usr/lib/NetworkManager/nm-dhcp-helper" pid=489 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.242963] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.658:8): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/usr/lib/connman/scripts/dhclient-script" pid=489 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.395146] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.814:9): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/usr/bin/evince" pid=490 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.395151] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.814:10): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/usr/bin/evince//sanitized_helper" pid=490 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   18.395157] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693967.814:11): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/usr/bin/evince-previewer" pid=490 comm="apparmor_parser"
[   21.717870] ACPI Warning: SystemIO range 0x0000000000000828-0x000000000000082F conflicts with OpRegion 0x0000000000000828-0x000000000000082D (\GLBC) (20181213/utaddress-213)
[   21.717875] ACPI Warning: SystemIO range 0x0000000000000828-0x000000000000082F conflicts with OpRegion 0x000000000000082A-0x000000000000082A (\SACT) (20181213/utaddress-213)
[   21.717878] ACPI Warning: SystemIO range 0x0000000000000828-0x000000000000082F conflicts with OpRegion 0x0000000000000828-0x0000000000000828 (\SSTS) (20181213/utaddress-213)
[   21.717880] ACPI: If an ACPI driver is available for this device, you should use it instead of the native driver
[   21.717903] lpc_ich: Resource conflict(s) found affecting gpio_ich
[   22.107870] dcdbas dcdbas: Dell Systems Management Base Driver (version 5.6.0-3.3)
[   22.234253] dell-smbios A80593CE-A997-11DA-B012-B622A1EF5492: WMI SMBIOS userspace interface not supported(0), try upgrading to a newer BIOS
[   22.326543] input: Dell WMI hotkeys as /devices/platform/PNP0C14:00/wmi_bus/wmi_bus-PNP0C14:00/9DBB5994-A997-11DA-B012-B622A1EF5492/input/input7
[   23.666688] VFIO - User Level meta-driver version: 0.3
[   23.853106] cryptd: max_cpu_qlen set to 1000
[   24.076843] SSE version of gcm_enc/dec engaged.
[   24.079077] mei mei::55213584-9a29-4916-badf-0fb7ed682aeb:01: Could not read FW version
[   24.079082] mei mei::55213584-9a29-4916-badf-0fb7ed682aeb:01: FW version command failed -5
[   24.858340] gpio_ich gpio_ich.1.auto: GPIO from 436 to 511
[   25.156990] pci 0000:00:00.0: Intel HD Graphics Chipset
[   25.157012] pci 0000:00:00.0: detected gtt size: 2097152K total, 262144K mappable
[   25.157506] pci 0000:00:00.0: detected 32768K stolen memory
[   25.157633] checking generic (e0000000 500000) vs hw (e0000000 10000000)
[   25.157635] fb0: switching to inteldrmfb from VESA VGA
[   25.157843] Console: switching to colour dummy device 80x25
[   25.157990] [drm] Replacing VGA console driver
[   25.165740] [drm] Supports vblank timestamp caching Rev 2 (21.10.2013).
[   25.165742] [drm] Driver supports precise vblank timestamp query.
[   25.166355] i915 0000:00:02.0: vgaarb: changed VGA decodes: olddecodes=io+mem,decodes=io+mem:owns=io+mem
[   25.178909] [drm] RC6 disabled, disabling runtime PM support
[   25.179736] [drm] Initialized i915 1.6.0 20181204 for 0000:00:02.0 on minor 0
[   25.205660] fbcon: inteldrmfb (fb0) is primary device
[   25.205744] Console: switching to colour frame buffer device 210x65
[   25.205781] i915 0000:00:02.0: fb0: inteldrmfb frame buffer device
[   25.559271] snd_hda_intel 0000:00:1b.0: Linked as a consumer to 0000:00:02.0
[   25.559315] snd_hda_intel 0000:00:1b.0: bound 0000:00:02.0 (ops i915_audio_component_bind_ops [i915])
[   25.953169] snd_hda_codec_realtek hdaudioC0D0: ALC269VB: SKU not ready 0x411111f0
[   25.953477] snd_hda_codec_realtek hdaudioC0D0: autoconfig for ALC269VB: line_outs=1 (0x1b/0x0/0x0/0x0/0x0) type:line
[   25.953478] snd_hda_codec_realtek hdaudioC0D0:    speaker_outs=1 (0x14/0x0/0x0/0x0/0x0)
[   25.953479] snd_hda_codec_realtek hdaudioC0D0:    hp_outs=1 (0x21/0x0/0x0/0x0/0x0)
[   25.953480] snd_hda_codec_realtek hdaudioC0D0:    mono: mono_out=0x0
[   25.953481] snd_hda_codec_realtek hdaudioC0D0:    inputs:
[   25.953482] snd_hda_codec_realtek hdaudioC0D0:      Rear Mic=0x19
[   25.953483] snd_hda_codec_realtek hdaudioC0D0:      Front Mic=0x18
[   26.043574] input: HDA Intel MID Rear Mic as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1b.0/sound/card0/input8
[   26.043641] input: HDA Intel MID Front Mic as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1b.0/sound/card0/input9
[   26.043702] input: HDA Intel MID Line Out as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1b.0/sound/card0/input10
[   26.043763] input: HDA Intel MID Front Headphone as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1b.0/sound/card0/input11
[   26.043824] input: HDA Intel MID HDMI/DP,pcm=3 as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1b.0/sound/card0/input12
[   31.048314] e1000e: eno1 NIC Link is Up 1000 Mbps Full Duplex, Flow Control: Rx
[   31.048459] IPv6: ADDRCONF(NETDEV_CHANGE): eno1: link becomes ready
[   41.953876] vboxdrv: loading out-of-tree module taints kernel.
[   41.954056] vboxdrv: module verification failed: signature and/or required key missing - tainting kernel
[   41.959022] vboxdrv: Found 4 processor cores
[   41.983374] vboxdrv: TSC mode is Invariant, tentative frequency 3324954567 Hz
[   41.983375] vboxdrv: Successfully loaded version 6.0.10 (interface 0x00290008)
[   42.309480] VBoxNetFlt: Successfully started.
[   42.344293] VBoxNetAdp: Successfully started.
[   42.395565] VBoxPciLinuxInit
[   42.520803] vboxpci: IOMMU not found (not registered)
[   45.329739] kauditd_printk_skb: 33 callbacks suppressed
[   45.329741] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693990.032:45): apparmor="DENIED" operation="open" profile="/usr/sbin/mysqld" name="/sys/devices/system/node/" pid=1170 comm="mysqld" requested_mask="r" denied_mask="r" fsuid=0 ouid=0
[   46.239886] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693990.944:46): apparmor="DENIED" operation="capable" profile="/usr/sbin/mysqld" pid=1170 comm="mysqld" capability=2  capname="dac_read_search"
[   46.654911] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693991.356:47): apparmor="DENIED" operation="capable" profile="/usr/sbin/mysqld" pid=1170 comm="mysqld" capability=2  capname="dac_read_search"
[   47.234690] audit: type=1400 audit(1565693991.936:48): apparmor="DENIED" operation="open" profile="/usr/sbin/mysqld" name="/sys/devices/system/node/" pid=1247 comm="mysqld" requested_mask="r" denied_mask="r" fsuid=123 ouid=0
[   84.759834] FS-Cache: Loaded
[   84.878705] FS-Cache: Netfs 'nfs' registered for caching
[   85.011887] NFS: Registering the id_resolver key type
[   85.011897] Key type id_resolver registered
[   85.011898] Key type id_legacy registered
[  103.240719] rfkill: input handler disabled
[  106.670412] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694051.371:49): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/snap/core/7396/usr/lib/snapd/snap-confine" pid=3045 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  106.670939] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694051.371:50): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_load" profile="unconfined" name="/snap/core/7396/usr/lib/snapd/snap-confine//mount-namespace-capture-helper" pid=3045 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  106.954464] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694051.655:51): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.core.hook.configure" pid=3054 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  106.985852] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694051.687:52): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.core" pid=3056 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  108.388325] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694053.091:53): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.gnome-calculator.gnome-calculator" pid=3096 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  110.254829] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694054.955:54): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.gnome-calculator" pid=3095 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  110.899082] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694055.599:55): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.gnome-characters.gnome-characters" pid=3108 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  112.778597] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694057.479:56): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.gnome-characters" pid=3107 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  113.783877] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694058.487:57): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.gnome-logs.gnome-logs" pid=3162 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  115.273133] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694059.975:58): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.gnome-logs" pid=3161 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  116.207852] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694060.911:59): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.gnome-system-monitor.gnome-system-monitor" pid=3167 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  118.081209] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694062.783:60): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.gnome-system-monitor" pid=3166 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  121.717021] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694066.419:61): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.gnome-calculator.gnome-calculator" pid=3213 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  123.306329] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694068.007:62): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.gnome-calculator" pid=3212 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  124.470048] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694069.171:63): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.gnome-logs.gnome-logs" pid=3228 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  125.923763] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694070.627:64): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.gnome-logs" pid=3227 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  127.017423] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694071.719:65): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.gnome-characters.gnome-characters" pid=3238 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  128.557875] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694073.259:66): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.gnome-characters" pid=3237 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  129.690901] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694074.391:67): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.gnome-system-monitor.gnome-system-monitor" pid=3253 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  131.374051] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694076.075:68): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.gnome-system-monitor" pid=3252 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  131.745888] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694076.447:69): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap.code.url-handler" pid=3284 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  131.746099] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694076.447:70): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.code" pid=3282 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  131.746103] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694076.447:71): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap.code.code" pid=3283 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  132.368785] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694077.071:72): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="/snap/core/7396/usr/lib/snapd/snap-confine" pid=3292 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  132.391927] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694077.095:73): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="/snap/core/7396/usr/lib/snapd/snap-confine//mount-namespace-capture-helper" pid=3292 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  132.577040] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694077.279:74): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" profile="unconfined" name="snap.core.hook.configure" pid=3294 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  132.580749] audit: type=1400 audit(1565694077.283:75): apparmor="STATUS" operation="profile_replace" info="same as current profile, skipping" profile="unconfined" name="snap-update-ns.core" pid=3296 comm="apparmor_parser"
[  368.747498] perf: interrupt took too long (2512 > 2500), lowering kernel.perf_event_max_sample_rate to 79500
[  437.266291] perf: interrupt took too long (3146 > 3140), lowering kernel.perf_event_max_sample_rate to 63500
[ 1919.784998] perf: interrupt took too long (4013 > 3932), lowering kernel.perf_event_max_sample_rate to 49750
[ 6453.921466] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6453.921482] kauditd_printk_skb: 2 callbacks suppressed
[ 6453.921484] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700398.598:78): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15249 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6453.921495] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6453.921498] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700398.598:79): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15249 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6454.098099] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6454.098120] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700398.774:80): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15249 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6454.218457] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6454.218503] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700398.894:81): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15262 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6460.928092] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6460.928118] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6460.928170] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700405.606:82): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15275 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6460.928177] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700405.606:83): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15275 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6460.990473] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6460.990491] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700405.666:84): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15275 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6460.997675] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6460.997696] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700405.674:85): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15288 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6475.727414] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6475.727432] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700420.402:86): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15308 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6475.727469] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6475.727471] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700420.402:87): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15308 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6475.810168] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6475.810194] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700420.486:88): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15308 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6475.812695] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700420.490:89): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15322 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6475.812839] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6592.974303] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6592.974329] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6592.974382] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700537.650:90): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15420 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6592.974388] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700537.650:91): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15420 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6593.028241] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6593.028260] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700537.706:92): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15420 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6593.036771] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700537.714:93): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15433 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6593.036778] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6754.536550] perf: interrupt took too long (5033 > 5016), lowering kernel.perf_event_max_sample_rate to 39500
[ 6908.112052] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6908.112078] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6908.112129] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700852.785:94): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15736 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6908.112133] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700852.785:95): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15736 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6908.172894] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6908.172908] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700852.849:96): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15736 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6908.172914] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6908.172916] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700852.849:97): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15736 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6908.180033] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6908.180048] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6908.180051] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700852.853:98): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15746 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6908.180054] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700852.853:99): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15746 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6908.185274] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6908.185294] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 6908.185337] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700852.861:100): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15744 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 6908.185346] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700852.861:101): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15744 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7053.905216] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7053.905241] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7053.905294] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700998.585:102): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15878 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7053.905301] audit: type=1400 audit(1565700998.585:103): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15878 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7088.631924] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7088.632128] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701033.309:104): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15888 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7093.712136] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7093.712161] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7093.712213] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701038.389:105): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15926 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7093.712217] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701038.389:106): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15926 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7122.529545] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7122.529562] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701067.209:107): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15981 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7122.529578] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7122.529582] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701067.209:108): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15981 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7135.127530] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7135.127652] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7135.127903] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701079.805:109): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15991 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7135.127912] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701079.805:110): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=15991 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7147.632386] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7147.632412] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7147.632468] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701092.309:111): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16016 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7147.632475] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701092.309:11c -l /etc/passwd
c -l /etc/passwd
c -l /etc/passwd
2): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16016 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7181.424294] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7181.424320] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7181.424374] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701126.101:113): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16063 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7181.424381] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701126.101:114): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16063 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7181.484738] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701126.161:115): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16077 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7181.484940] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7304.273514] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7304.273541] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7304.273594] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701248.948:116): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16178 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7304.273597] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701248.948:117): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16178 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7454.863370] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7454.863561] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701399.540:118): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16188 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7459.280796] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7459.280821] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7459.280876] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701403.956:119): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16394 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7459.280880] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701403.956:120): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16394 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7474.487279] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7474.487320] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701419.164:121): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16404 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7474.487447] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7474.487459] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701419.164:122): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16404 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7521.496358] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7521.496372] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701466.172:123): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16476 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7521.496388] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7521.496392] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701466.172:124): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16476 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7805.926690] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7805.926950] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701750.599:125): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16486 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7838.337854] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7838.337880] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7838.337934] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701783.011:126): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16857 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7838.337938] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701783.011:127): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16857 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7838.388823] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7838.388836] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701783.063:128): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16857 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 7838.401231] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 7838.401248] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701783.075:129): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=16867 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8017.099722] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8017.099739] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701961.770:130): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17145 comm="apropos" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8017.099752] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8017.099755] audit: type=1400 audit(1565701961.770:131): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17145 comm="apropos" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8231.107353] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8231.107369] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702175.778:132): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17423 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8231.107382] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8231.107386] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702175.778:133): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17423 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8231.108000] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8231.108006] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702175.778:134): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17423 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8231.108100] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8231.108106] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702175.778:135): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17423 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8231.138561] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8231.138577] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702175.810:136): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17423 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8231.147928] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702175.818:137): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17433 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8231.148522] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8231.151251] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8231.151265] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702175.822:138): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17431 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8261.971348] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8261.971382] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8261.971407] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702206.642:139): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17509 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8261.971413] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702206.642:140): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17509 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8262.014860] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8262.014875] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702206.686:141): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17509 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8262.021406] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8262.021418] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702206.694:142): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17519 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8262.021523] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8262.021687] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702206.694:143): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17519 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8262.027376] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8262.027390] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702206.698:144): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17517 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.557298] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.557311] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.230:145): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17570 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.557327] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.557330] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.230:146): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17570 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.599904] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.599925] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.270:147): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17570 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.599938] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.599943] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.270:148): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17570 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.605747] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.278:149): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17580 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.605916] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.606024] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.278:150): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17580 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.606277] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.606304] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.278:151): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17580 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.606382] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.611802] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.611817] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.282:152): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17578 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8303.611823] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8303.611826] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702248.282:153): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17578 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.667809] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.667823] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.337:154): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17608 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.667834] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.667837] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.337:155): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17608 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.710953] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.710972] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.381:156): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17608 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.710981] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.710985] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.381:157): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17608 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.714665] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.385:158): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17618 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.714673] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.714810] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.385:159): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17618 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.714814] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.714837] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.385:160): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17618 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.714841] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.723979] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.723993] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.393:161): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17616 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8313.724001] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8313.724004] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702258.393:162): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17616 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.326784] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.326809] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.326863] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702263.997:163): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17629 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.326866] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702263.997:164): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17629 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.365304] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.365325] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702264.037:165): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17629 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.365335] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.365340] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702264.037:166): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17629 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.370594] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702264.041:167): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17639 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.370785] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.370920] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702264.041:168): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17639 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.371041] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.371076] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702264.041:169): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17639 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.373786] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.376203] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.376215] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702264.045:170): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17637 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8319.376223] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8319.376401] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702264.045:171): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17637 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.772934] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.772950] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.445:172): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17655 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.772965] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.772969] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.445:173): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17655 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.867374] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.867393] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.537:174): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17655 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.867400] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.867404] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.537:175): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17655 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.874932] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.545:176): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17665 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.874941] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.875065] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.545:177): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17665 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.875069] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.875092] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.545:178): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17665 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.875095] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.876526] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.876537] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.545:179): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17663 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8332.876543] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8332.876546] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702277.545:180): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17663 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8340.917746] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8340.917761] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.589:181): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17687 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8340.917777] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8340.917782] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.589:182): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17687 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8341.025949] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8341.025969] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.697:183): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17687 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8341.025979] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8341.025984] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.697:184): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17687 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8341.037805] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.709:185): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17697 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8341.037813] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8341.037955] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.709:186): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17697 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8341.037958] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8341.037976] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.709:187): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17697 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8341.037979] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8341.039170] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.709:188): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17695 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8341.039326] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8341.039357] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702285.709:189): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17695 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8341.039441] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8349.939518] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8349.939543] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8349.939594] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.609:190): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17713 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8349.939597] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.609:191): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17713 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8349.988350] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8349.988370] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.657:192): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17713 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8349.988380] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8349.988383] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.657:193): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17713 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8349.994943] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8349.994960] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.665:194): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17723 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8349.995040] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8349.995053] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8349.995259] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.665:195): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17723 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8349.995264] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.665:196): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17723 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8350.002138] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.673:197): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17721 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8350.002344] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8350.002378] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702294.673:198): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17721 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8350.002474] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.056069] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.056082] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.725:199): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17744 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.056099] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.056102] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.725:200): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17744 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.056666] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.056678] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.056723] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.725:201): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17744 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.056750] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.725:202): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17744 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.056802] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.056808] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.729:203): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17744 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.056824] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.056828] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.729:204): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17744 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.087808] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.757:205): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17744 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.087816] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.087844] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.757:206): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17744 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.087847] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.093791] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.765:207): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17754 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.094011] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.094134] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702311.765:208): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17754 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8367.094232] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.094343] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.102702] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8367.102721] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8375.987990] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8375.988003] kauditd_printk_skb: 3 callbacks suppressed
[ 8375.988004] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.661:212): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17780 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8375.988023] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8375.988239] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.661:213): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17780 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8376.061386] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8376.061403] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.737:214): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17780 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8376.061415] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8376.061419] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.737:215): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17780 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8376.071343] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.745:216): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17788 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8376.071587] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8376.071621] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.745:217): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17788 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8376.071702] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8376.073605] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.749:218): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17790 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8376.073789] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8376.073926] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.749:219): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17790 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8376.074020] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8376.074044] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702320.749:220): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17790 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8376.074125] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8384.839355] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8384.839467] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702329.513:221): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17790 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8384.839481] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8384.839860] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702329.513:222): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17790 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.563347] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.563364] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.237:223): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17831 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.563378] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.563382] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.237:224): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17831 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.563945] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.563952] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.237:225): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17831 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.563958] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.563960] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.237:226): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17831 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.564052] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.564056] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.237:227): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17831 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.564065] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.564102] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.237:228): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17831 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.594880] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.594896] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.269:229): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17831 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.594906] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.594911] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.269:230): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17831 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.603352] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.277:231): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17839 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.603604] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.603641] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702349.277:232): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17839 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8404.603732] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.605974] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8404.605989] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8420.982318] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8420.982486] kauditd_printk_skb: 2 callbacks suppressed
[ 8420.982488] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702365.657:235): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17841 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8420.982522] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8420.982531] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702365.657:236): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17841 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.340590] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.340606] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702367.013:237): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17871 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.340622] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.340625] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702367.013:238): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17871 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.341298] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.341306] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702367.017:239): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17871 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.341313] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.341316] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702367.017:240): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17871 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.341416] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.341423] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702367.017:241): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17871 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.341429] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.341431] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702367.017:242): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17871 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.372038] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.372049] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702367.045:243): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17871 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.372057] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.372060] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702367.045:244): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17871 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8422.380161] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.380236] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.381720] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8422.381742] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8442.519771] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8442.519889] kauditd_printk_skb: 4 callbacks suppressed
[ 8442.519891] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702387.193:249): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17881 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8442.520002] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8442.520269] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702387.193:250): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17881 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8467.447744] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8467.447760] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702412.121:251): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17950 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8467.447773] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8467.447777] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702412.121:252): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17950 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8467.488154] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8467.488403] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702412.161:253): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17950 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8467.500040] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702412.173:254): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17959 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8467.501709] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8467.501756] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8467.501773] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702412.177:255): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17959 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8467.532270] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702412.205:256): apparmor="DENIED" operation="signal" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17965 comm="groff" requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send" signal=pipe peer="/usr/bin/man//&man_groff"
[ 8472.370811] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8472.370828] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702417.045:257): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17974 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8472.370843] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8472.371166] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702417.045:258): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17974 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8472.418121] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8472.418140] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702417.093:259): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17974 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8472.431829] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8472.431846] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702417.105:260): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17983 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8472.431855] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8472.465452] kauditd_printk_skb: 1 callbacks suppressed
[ 8472.465454] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702417.141:262): apparmor="DENIED" operation="signal" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17989 comm="groff" requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send" signal=pipe peer="/usr/bin/man//&man_groff"
[ 8477.511857] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8477.511871] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702422.185:263): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17997 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8477.511881] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8477.511885] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702422.185:264): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17997 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8477.540121] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8477.540137] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702422.213:265): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=17997 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8477.554961] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8477.554975] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702422.229:266): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18006 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8477.554982] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8477.554986] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702422.229:267): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18006 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8477.581359] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702422.257:268): apparmor="DENIED" operation="signal" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18012 comm="groff" requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send" signal=pipe peer="/usr/bin/man//&man_groff"
[ 8482.517905] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8482.517930] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8482.517961] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702427.193:269): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18017 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8482.517965] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702427.193:270): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18017 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8482.543862] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8482.543883] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702427.217:271): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18017 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8482.558531] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702427.233:272): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18026 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8482.558735] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8482.558766] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702427.233:273): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18026 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8482.558844] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8493.366545] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8493.366566] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702438.041:274): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18045 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8493.366596] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8493.366601] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702438.041:275): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18045 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8493.391724] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702438.065:276): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18045 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8493.392141] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8493.406239] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702438.081:277): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18054 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8493.406505] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8493.406533] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8493.406545] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702438.081:278): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18054 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8497.540261] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8497.540287] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8497.540342] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702442.213:279): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18064 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8497.540348] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702442.213:280): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18064 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8497.569391] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8497.569406] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702442.245:281): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18064 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8497.587466] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8497.587485] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8497.587531] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702442.261:282): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18073 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8497.587535] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702442.261:283): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18073 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8510.184106] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8510.184132] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8510.184166] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702454.857:284): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18102 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8510.184172] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702454.857:285): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18102 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8510.216468] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8510.216482] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702454.889:286): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18102 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8510.229996] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8510.230011] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702454.905:287): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18111 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8510.230016] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8510.230020] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702454.905:288): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18111 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8598.916469] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8598.916490] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702543.589:289): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18214 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8598.916502] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8598.916776] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702543.589:290): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18214 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8598.948659] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8598.948673] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702543.621:291): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18214 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8598.961883] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8598.961904] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8598.961961] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702543.637:292): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18223 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8598.961965] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702543.637:293): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18223 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8615.346324] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8615.346337] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702560.021:294): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18279 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8615.346355] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8615.346357] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702560.021:295): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18279 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8615.374014] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8615.374034] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702560.049:296): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18279 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8615.383806] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702560.057:297): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18288 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8615.385764] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8615.385813] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8615.385831] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702560.061:298): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18288 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8628.757022] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8628.757033] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702573.429:299): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18317 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8628.757053] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8628.757056] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702573.429:300): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18317 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8628.788432] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8628.788445] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702573.461:301): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18317 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8628.802639] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8628.802653] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702573.477:302): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18326 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8628.802661] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8628.802662] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702573.477:303): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18326 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8649.620064] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8649.620089] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8649.620140] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702594.293:304): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18351 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8649.620147] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702594.293:305): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18351 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8649.648487] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8649.648512] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702594.321:306): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18351 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8649.660802] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702594.333:307): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18360 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8649.660811] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8649.660836] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702594.333:308): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18360 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8649.660839] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8655.159126] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8655.159151] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8655.159203] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702599.833:309): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18373 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8655.159206] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702599.833:310): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18373 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8655.194552] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8655.194568] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702599.869:311): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18373 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8655.206768] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8655.206785] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702599.881:312): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18382 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8655.206787] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8655.206789] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702599.881:313): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18382 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8666.341562] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8666.341574] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702611.017:314): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18411 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8666.341594] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8666.341595] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702611.017:315): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18411 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8666.380631] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8666.380652] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702611.053:316): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18411 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8666.393142] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702611.065:317): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18420 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8666.393587] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8666.393619] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702611.069:318): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18420 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8666.393708] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8671.526060] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8671.526073] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702616.201:319): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18432 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8671.526084] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8671.526087] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702616.201:320): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18432 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8671.550936] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8671.550958] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702616.225:321): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18432 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8671.558866] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8671.558886] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702616.233:322): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18441 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8671.558887] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8671.558891] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702616.233:323): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18441 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8681.158774] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8681.158788] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702625.833:324): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18461 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8681.158798] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8681.158803] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702625.833:325): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18461 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8681.186179] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8681.186192] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702625.861:326): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18461 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8681.199611] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702625.873:327): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18470 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8681.199815] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8681.199846] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702625.873:328): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18470 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8681.199925] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8690.945662] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8690.945684] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8690.945741] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702635.621:329): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18485 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8690.945747] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702635.621:330): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18485 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8690.977956] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8690.977970] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702635.653:331): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18485 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8690.990857] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702635.665:332): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18495 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8690.991055] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8690.991085] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702635.665:333): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18495 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8690.991217] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8695.057221] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8695.057233] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702639.729:334): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18507 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8695.057252] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8695.057253] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702639.729:335): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18507 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8695.086267] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8695.086284] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702639.761:336): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18507 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8695.101786] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8695.101805] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8695.101845] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702639.777:337): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18516 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8695.101848] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702639.777:338): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18516 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8700.659484] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8700.659497] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702645.333:339): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18528 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8700.659518] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8700.659521] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702645.333:340): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18528 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8700.686745] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8700.686764] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702645.361:341): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18528 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8700.695312] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8700.695330] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702645.369:342): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18537 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8700.695338] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8700.695341] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702645.369:343): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18537 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8708.401713] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8708.401726] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702653.077:344): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18560 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8708.401737] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8708.401741] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702653.077:345): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18560 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8708.431066] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8708.431084] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702653.105:346): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18560 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8708.445904] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702653.121:347): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18569 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8708.446117] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8708.446149] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702653.121:348): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18569 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8708.446227] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8712.498527] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8712.498543] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702657.173:349): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18584 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8712.498560] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8712.498564] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702657.173:350): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18584 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8712.530742] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8712.530763] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702657.205:351): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18584 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8712.544249] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8712.544270] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8712.544295] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702657.217:352): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18593 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8712.544301] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702657.217:353): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18593 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8715.896326] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8715.896351] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8715.896386] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702660.569:354): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18603 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8715.896389] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702660.569:355): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18603 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8715.930142] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8715.930156] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702660.605:356): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18603 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8715.939790] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702660.613:357): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18612 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8715.940058] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8715.940083] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8715.940096] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702660.613:358): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18612 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8725.316790] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8725.316816] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8725.316869] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702669.988:359): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18629 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8725.316873] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702669.988:360): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18629 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 8725.347289] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 8725.347307] audit: type=1400 audit(1565702670.020:361): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=18629 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9190.677394] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9190.677418] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9190.677470] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703135.347:362): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19159 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9190.677474] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703135.347:363): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19159 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9190.722076] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9190.722101] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9190.722135] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703135.391:364): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19159 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9190.722139] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703135.391:365): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19159 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9190.725337] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9190.725347] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703135.395:366): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19159 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9190.731847] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9190.731862] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703135.403:367): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19171 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9221.330658] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9221.330671] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703165.999:368): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19218 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9221.330688] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9221.330690] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703165.999:369): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19218 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9221.358667] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9221.358678] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703166.027:370): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19218 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9221.358700] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9221.358701] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703166.027:371): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19218 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9221.363148] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9221.363164] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703166.035:372): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19218 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9221.370801] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703166.039:373): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19228 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9221.371179] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9221.371286] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703166.043:374): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19228 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9221.371370] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9221.374074] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9221.374088] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703166.043:375): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19226 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9316.039135] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9316.039160] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703260.707:376): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19228 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9571.121436] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9571.121462] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9571.121517] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703515.790:377): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19627 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9571.121521] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703515.790:378): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19627 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9571.147263] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9571.147294] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9571.147300] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703515.814:379): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19627 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9571.147308] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703515.814:380): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19627 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9571.150906] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9571.150918] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703515.818:381): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19627 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9571.159976] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9571.159996] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703515.830:382): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19637 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9658.433873] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9658.433887] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703603.102:383): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19735 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9658.433904] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9658.433908] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703603.102:384): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19735 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9658.456652] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9658.456665] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703603.126:385): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19735 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9658.456689] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9658.456694] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703603.126:386): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19735 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9658.460133] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9658.460140] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703603.126:387): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19735 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9658.467558] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9658.467583] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703603.134:388): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19745 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9658.467657] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9658.467806] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703603.134:389): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19745 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9669.111185] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9669.111508] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703613.778:390): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19745 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9669.111533] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9669.111631] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703613.778:391): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19745 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9797.946664] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9797.946689] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9797.946745] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703742.613:392): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19934 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9797.946752] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703742.613:393): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19934 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9797.990070] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9797.990102] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9797.990127] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703742.657:394): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19934 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9797.990133] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703742.657:395): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19934 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9797.995173] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9797.995189] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703742.661:396): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19934 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9798.004855] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9798.004869] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703742.673:397): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19944 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.734869] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.734893] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.734946] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.405:398): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19993 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.734950] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.405:399): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19993 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.765892] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.765920] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.765928] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.765950] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.437:400): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19993 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.765953] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.437:401): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19993 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.765956] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.437:402): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19993 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.772787] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.772805] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.445:403): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=19993 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.779450] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.449:404): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20004 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.779457] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.779569] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.449:405): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20004 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.779572] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.780468] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9845.780480] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.449:406): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20002 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.780496] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703790.449:407): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20002 comm="nroff" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9845.780500] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9988.863861] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9988.863882] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9988.863922] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703933.533:408): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20153 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9988.863925] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703933.533:409): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20153 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9988.917088] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9988.917113] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703933.585:410): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20153 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[ 9988.924900] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[ 9988.924918] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703933.593:411): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20163 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10042.549602] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10042.549628] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10042.549683] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703987.221:412): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20212 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10042.549687] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703987.221:413): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20212 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10042.589202] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10042.589231] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703987.257:414): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20212 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10042.598798] audit: type=1400 audit(1565703987.269:415): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20222 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10042.599011] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10077.617394] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10077.617422] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10077.617475] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704022.285:416): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20257 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10077.617482] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704022.289:417): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20257 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10077.650754] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10077.650775] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704022.321:418): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20257 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10077.660845] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10077.660861] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704022.329:419): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20267 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10106.210635] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10106.210659] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10106.210713] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704050.881:420): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20299 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10106.210716] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704050.881:421): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20299 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10106.240383] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10106.240400] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704050.909:422): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20299 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10106.248743] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704050.917:423): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20309 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10106.248951] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10201.376917] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10201.376934] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704146.044:424): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20396 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10201.376948] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10201.376952] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704146.044:425): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20396 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10201.407787] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10201.407807] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704146.076:426): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20396 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10201.414348] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10201.414358] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704146.084:427): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20406 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.272743] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10808.272768] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10808.272821] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704752.940:428): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21059 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.272828] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704752.940:429): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21059 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.304204] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10808.304228] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704752.972:430): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21059 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.312784] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704752.980:431): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21069 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.313002] nfs: RPC call returned error 13

2) Examine as linhas das mensagens do kernel que tratam da configuração da interface de rede eth0. (dmesg | grep eth)
[    1.472119] wmi_bus wmi_bus-PNP0C14:00: WQBC data block query control method not found
[    1.669637] e1000e 0000:00:19.0 eth0: (PCI Express:2.5GT/s:Width x1) f0:4d:a2:e2:f2:0b
[    1.669639] e1000e 0000:00:19.0 eth0: Intel(R) PRO/1000 Network Connection
[    1.669678] e1000e 0000:00:19.0 eth0: MAC: 9, PHY: 9, PBA No: A002FF-0FF
[    1.670353] e1000e 0000:00:19.0 eno1: renamed from eth0

3)Exiba apenas as 20 últimas linhas das mensagens do kernel. (dmesg | tail -...)
[10201.407787] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10201.407807] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704146.076:426): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20396 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10201.414348] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10201.414358] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704146.084:427): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=20406 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.272743] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10808.272768] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10808.272821] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704752.940:428): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21059 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.272828] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704752.940:429): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21059 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.304204] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[10808.304228] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704752.972:430): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21059 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.312784] audit: type=1400 audit(1565704752.980:431): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21069 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[10808.313002] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[11404.085228] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[11404.085253] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[11404.085303] audit: type=1400 audit(1565705348.750:432): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21707 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[11404.085310] audit: type=1400 audit(1565705348.750:433): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21707 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[11404.148091] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[11404.148114] audit: type=1400 audit(1565705348.814:434): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21707 comm="man" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"
[11404.155470] nfs: RPC call returned error 13
[11404.155486] audit: type=1400 audit(1565705348.818:435): apparmor="DENIED" operation="sendmsg" profile="/usr/bin/man" pid=21717 comm="pager" laddr=200.18.97.161 lport=784 faddr=200.18.97.9 fport=2049 family="inet" sock_type="stream" protocol=6 requested_mask="send" denied_mask="send"

4) Exiba apenas as 20 primeiras linhas das mensagens do kernel. (dmesg | head -...)
[    0.000000] microcode: microcode updated early to revision 0x7, date = 2018-04-23
[    0.000000] Linux version 5.0.0-23-generic (buildd@lgw01-amd64-030) (gcc version 7.4.0 (Ubuntu 7.4.0-1ubuntu1~18.04.1)) #24~18.04.1-Ubuntu SMP Mon Jul 29 16:12:28 UTC 2019 (Ubuntu 5.0.0-23.24~18.04.1-generic 5.0.15)
[    0.000000] Command line: BOOT_IMAGE=/boot/vmlinuz-5.0.0-23-generic root=UUID=b37fb81a-6955-49d2-b54b-bbf9c04530bb ro quiet splash vt.handoff=1
[    0.000000] KERNEL supported cpus:
[    0.000000]   Intel GenuineIntel
[    0.000000]   AMD AuthenticAMD
[    0.000000]   Hygon HygonGenuine
[    0.000000]   Centaur CentaurHauls
[    0.000000] x86/fpu: x87 FPU will use FXSAVE
[    0.000000] BIOS-provided physical RAM map:
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x0000000000000000-0x0000000000095bff] usable
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000000f0000-0x00000000000fffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x0000000000100000-0x00000000db6cfbff] usable
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000db6cfc00-0x00000000db723bff] ACPI NVS
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000db723c00-0x00000000db725bff] ACPI data
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000db725c00-0x00000000dfffffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000f8000000-0x00000000fbffffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000fec00000-0x00000000fed003ff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000fed20000-0x00000000fed9ffff] reserved
[    0.000000] BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000fee00000-0x00000000feefffff] reserved

5) Verifique há quanto tempo o sistema está ligado. (man uptime)
up 3 hours, 12 minutes

6) Quais foram os últimos usuários que fizeram login nesse sistema? (man last)
740951   :0           0.0.0.0          Tue Aug 13 08:00   still logged in
reboot   system boot  0.0.0.0          Tue Aug 13 07:59   still running
reboot   system boot  0.0.0.0          Fri Aug  9 10:08 - 23:03  (12:55)
reboot   system boot  0.0.0.0          Fri Aug  9 10:02 - 10:07  (00:05)
757665   :0           0.0.0.0          Fri Aug  9 08:09 - 09:13  (01:04)
reboot   system boot  0.0.0.0          Thu Aug  1 15:41 - 09:13 (7+17:32)
administ :0           0.0.0.0          Thu Aug  1 15:38 - 15:40  (00:02)
reboot   system boot  0.0.0.0          Thu Aug  1 15:29 - 15:40  (00:11)
administ :0           0.0.0.0          Thu Aug  1 15:21 - 15:28  (00:07)
reboot   system boot  0.0.0.0          Thu Aug  1 10:07 - 15:29  (05:21)

wtmp inicia Thu Aug  1 10:07:27 2019

7) Quais são os usuários logados nesse sistema atualmente? (w, who, users, finger, ...)
 11:18:11 up  3:19,  1 user,  load average: 0,23, 0,11, 0,23
USUARIO  TTY      DE               LOGIN@   OCIOSO JCPU   PCPU O QUE
740951   :0       :0               08:00   ?xdm?   3:29   0.01s /usr/lib/gdm3/gdm-x-session --run-script env GNOME_SHELL_SESSION_MODE=ubuntu gnome-session --session=ubuntu

1) Qual é o espaço ocupado atualmente pelo diretório /tmp? (man du)
4,0K	/tmp/.XIM-unix
4,0K	/tmp/systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-rtkit-daemon.service-PGPdqf
4,0K	/tmp/jna-1624112834
4,0K	/tmp/Temp-22c3404b-71b7-4cc9-9d7a-ca35dd9a68a0/mesa_shader_cache
8,0K	/tmp/Temp-22c3404b-71b7-4cc9-9d7a-ca35dd9a68a0
4,0K	/tmp/Temp-d71591b2-6a8d-4ebb-89f7-c4cba15ac962
4,0K	/tmp/systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-systemd-resolved.service-fycGVq
384K	/tmp/mozilla_7409510
4,0K	/tmp/systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-ModemManager.service-30yiO6
4,0K	/tmp/nexus-maven-repository-index.gz8393340054396181857.dir
4,0K	/tmp/systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-systemd-timesyncd.service-BRh7C1
4,0K	/tmp/systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-bolt.service-5GyNgF
4,0K	/tmp/systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-colord.service-bSb6nB
4,0K	/tmp/.Test-unix
4,0K	/tmp/systemd-private-8a1412af52a04c52ac05be3ed943dbdd-fwupd.service-RIhUl0
4,0K	/tmp/.ICE-unix
4,0K	/tmp/hsperfdata_740951
4,0K	/tmp/.font-unix
4,0K	/tmp/.X11-unix
4,0K	/tmp/ssh-Rbtst1t6yT5F
468K	/tmp
468K	total

2) Quantas linhas tem o arquivo /etc/passwd? (man wc)
wc -l /etc/passwd

45 /etc/passwd

3) Quantas palavras tem o arquivo /etc/passwd?
wc -w /etc/passwd

75 /etc/passwd

4) Quantas letras tem o arquivo /etc/passwd?
2657 /etc/passwd

5) Crie um diretório chamado linux na sua área de usuário (home). (man mkdir)
drwxr-xr-x  2 740951 bcc    4096 ago 13  2019 linux

6) Renomeie o diretório para Linux. (man mv)
drwxr-xr-x  2 740951 bcc    4096 ago 13  2019 Linux

7) Crie um diretório chamado Windows na sua área de usuário (home ~/).
drwxr-xr-x  2 740951 bcc    4096 ago 13  2019 Windows

8) Remova o Windows :-). (rmdir / rm -f)
rmdir ~/Windows/

9) Determine quais são os sistemas de arquivo montados atualmente. (man mount)
sysfs on /sys type sysfs (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime)
proc on /proc type proc (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime)
udev on /dev type devtmpfs (rw,nosuid,relatime,size=3955544k,nr_inodes=988886,mode=755)
devpts on /dev/pts type devpts (rw,nosuid,noexec,relatime,gid=5,mode=620,ptmxmode=000)
tmpfs on /run type tmpfs (rw,nosuid,noexec,relatime,size=795884k,mode=755)
/dev/sda1 on / type ext4 (rw,relatime,errors=remount-ro)
securityfs on /sys/kernel/security type securityfs (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime)
tmpfs on /dev/shm type tmpfs (rw,nosuid,nodev)
tmpfs on /run/lock type tmpfs (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,size=5120k)
tmpfs on /sys/fs/cgroup type tmpfs (ro,nosuid,nodev,noexec,mode=755)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/unified type cgroup2 (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,nsdelegate)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/systemd type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,xattr,name=systemd)
pstore on /sys/fs/pstore type pstore (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/rdma type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,rdma)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/cpu,cpuacct type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,cpu,cpuacct)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/pids type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,pids)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/freezer type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,freezer)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/memory type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,memory)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/net_cls,net_prio type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,net_cls,net_prio)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/blkio type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,blkio)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/cpuset type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,cpuset)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/perf_event type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,perf_event)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/hugetlb type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,hugetlb)
cgroup on /sys/fs/cgroup/devices type cgroup (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,devices)
systemd-1 on /proc/sys/fs/binfmt_misc type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=31,pgrp=1,timeout=0,minproto=5,maxproto=5,direct,pipe_ino=1391)
debugfs on /sys/kernel/debug type debugfs (rw,relatime)
hugetlbfs on /dev/hugepages type hugetlbfs (rw,relatime,pagesize=2M)
mqueue on /dev/mqueue type mqueue (rw,relatime)
sunrpc on /run/rpc_pipefs type rpc_pipefs (rw,relatime)
fusectl on /sys/fs/fuse/connections type fusectl (rw,relatime)
configfs on /sys/kernel/config type configfs (rw,relatime)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gtk-common-themes_1313.snap on /snap/gtk-common-themes/1313 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-3-26-1604_90.snap on /snap/gnome-3-26-1604/90 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-logs_61.snap on /snap/gnome-logs/61 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/code_11.snap on /snap/code/11 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/code_12.snap on /snap/code/12 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/core18_1066.snap on /snap/core18/1066 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/core18_1074.snap on /snap/core18/1074 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-calculator_260.snap on /snap/gnome-calculator/260 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-logs_45.snap on /snap/gnome-logs/45 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-calculator_406.snap on /snap/gnome-calculator/406 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-characters_296.snap on /snap/gnome-characters/296 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-3-28-1804_67.snap on /snap/gnome-3-28-1804/67 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gtk-common-themes_818.snap on /snap/gtk-common-themes/818 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-3-26-1604_74.snap on /snap/gnome-3-26-1604/74 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-system-monitor_100.snap on /snap/gnome-system-monitor/100 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/core_7270.snap on /snap/core/7270 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-system-monitor_57.snap on /snap/gnome-system-monitor/57 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
binfmt_misc on /proc/sys/fs/binfmt_misc type binfmt_misc (rw,relatime)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/eclipse_40.snap on /snap/eclipse/40 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/gnome-characters_139.snap on /snap/gnome-characters/139 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
/etc/autofs.d/bcc on /home/bcc type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=6,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=23106)
/etc/autofs.d/enc on /home/enc type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=12,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=26616)
/etc/autofs.d/grupos on /home/grupos type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=18,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=26619)
/etc/autofs.d/pos on /home/pos type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=24,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=26622)
/etc/autofs.d/profs on /home/profs type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=30,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=26625)
/etc/autofs.d/func on /home/func type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=36,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=26628)
/etc/autofs.d/visit on /home/visit type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=42,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=26631)
/etc/autofs.d/usersle on /home/usersle type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=48,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=24493)
/etc/autofs.d/ppg on /home/alunos/ppg type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=54,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=24496)
/etc/autofs.d/systems on /home/systems type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=60,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=26663)
/etc/autofs.d/latosensu on /home/latosensu type autofs (rw,relatime,fd=66,pgrp=1124,timeout=60,minproto=5,maxproto=5,indirect,pipe_ino=23256)
tmpfs on /run/user/121 type tmpfs (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,size=795884k,mode=700,uid=121,gid=125)
200.18.97.9:/dados/graduacao/home/bcc/740951 on /home/bcc/740951 type nfs4 (rw,relatime,vers=4.2,rsize=1048576,wsize=1048576,namlen=255,hard,proto=tcp,timeo=600,retrans=2,sec=sys,clientaddr=200.18.97.161,local_lock=none,addr=200.18.97.9)
tmpfs on /run/user/60574 type tmpfs (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,size=795884k,mode=700,uid=60574,gid=800)
/var/lib/snapd/snaps/core_7396.snap on /snap/core/7396 type squashfs (ro,nodev,relatime,x-gdu.hide)
gvfsd-fuse on /run/user/60574/gvfs type fuse.gvfsd-fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=60574,group_id=800)

10) Quais são os espaços ocupados nos sistemas de arquivo montados atualmente? (man df)
Sist. Arq.                                   Blocos de 1K      Usado Disponível Uso% Montado em
udev                                              3955544          0    3955544   0% /dev
tmpfs                                              795884       1796     794088   1% /run
/dev/sda1                                       479668904  191818508  263414788  43% /
tmpfs                                             3979420     118300    3861120   3% /dev/shm
tmpfs                                                5120          4       5116   1% /run/lock
tmpfs                                             3979420          0    3979420   0% /sys/fs/cgroup
/dev/loop0                                          43904      43904          0 100% /snap/gtk-common-themes/1313
/dev/loop1                                         144128     144128          0 100% /snap/gnome-3-26-1604/90
/dev/loop2                                           1024       1024          0 100% /snap/gnome-logs/61
/dev/loop3                                         137216     137216          0 100% /snap/code/11
/dev/loop4                                         137728     137728          0 100% /snap/code/12
/dev/loop6                                          55808      55808          0 100% /snap/core18/1066
/dev/loop5                                          55808      55808          0 100% /snap/core18/1074
/dev/loop8                                           2304       2304          0 100% /snap/gnome-calculator/260
/dev/loop7                                          14976      14976          0 100% /snap/gnome-logs/45
/dev/loop9                                           4224       4224          0 100% /snap/gnome-calculator/406
/dev/loop10                                         15104      15104          0 100% /snap/gnome-characters/296
/dev/loop14                                        153600     153600          0 100% /snap/gnome-3-28-1804/67
/dev/loop11                                         35456      35456          0 100% /snap/gtk-common-themes/818
/dev/loop16                                        144128     144128          0 100% /snap/gnome-3-26-1604/74
/dev/loop12                                          3840       3840          0 100% /snap/gnome-system-monitor/100
/dev/loop15                                         90624      90624          0 100% /snap/core/7270
/dev/loop17                                          3840       3840          0 100% /snap/gnome-system-monitor/57
/dev/loop18                                        189312     189312          0 100% /snap/eclipse/40
/dev/loop19                                         13312      13312          0 100% /snap/gnome-characters/139
tmpfs                                              795884         16     795868   1% /run/user/121
200.18.97.9:/dados/graduacao/home/bcc/740951   5814040576 3987717120 1533288448  73% /home/bcc/740951
tmpfs                                              795884        132     795752   1% /run/user/60574
/dev/loop20                                         90880      90880          0 100% /snap/core/7396

1) Qual é a versão do kernel do sistema operacional sendo executado em seu computador?
5.0.0-23-generic

1) Crie alias para que os comandos rm, cp e mv sempre peçam confirmação antes de apagar ou sobrepor arquivos. (alias ...='... -i')

alias rm='rm -i'
alias cp='cp -i'
alias mv='mv -i'

2) Faça ajustes para que esses aliases valham para as sessões bash interativo de todos os usuários. (~/.bash-aliases: alias ...='... -i')
alias rm='rm -i'
alias cp='cp -i'
alias mv='mv -i'

